



List of participants: Jan Hein Hoogstad, Marijn Koolen, Sabrina Sauer, Robin
Boast, Nynke Bos

Coding the Humanities – Interfaces for learning and research

List of participants

Participant No *    Participant organisation name     Country
1 Jan Hein Hoogstad University of Amsterdam           Netherlands
2 Robin Boast       University of Amsterdam           Netherlands
3 Marijn Koolen     University of Amsterdam           Netherlands
4 Sabrina C. Sauer  University of Amsterdam           Netherlands
5 Nynke Bos         University of Amsterdam           Netherlands
6 Lisa Zoth         Dark Horse                        Germany
7 Patrick Kenzler   Dark Horse                        Germany
8 Jill Cousins      Europeana                         Netherlands
9 Alexandro Mancusi Weyeser                           Netherlands
10 Wayne Modest     National Museum of World Cultures Netherlands
11 Helmut Feier     CastYourArt                       Austria
12 Wolfgang Haas    CastYourArt                       Austria





















Table of Contents

1. Excellence
1.1 Objectives
1.2 Relation to the Work Programme
1.3 Concept and approach, quality of the coordination and support measures
1.3.1 Introduction
1.3.2 Assumptions involved
1.3.3 Approach
1.3.3.1 The Platform as Interface
1.3.3.2 The Lab as Interface
1.3.3.3 Collections as Interfaces

2. Impact
2.1 Expected Impacts
2.2 Measures to maximize impact
2.2.1 Dissemination and Exploitation of Results
2.2.2 Communication Activities

3. Implementation
3.1 Work plan – Work packages, deliverables and milestones
Table 3.1 a: Work package description
Table 3.1 b: List of Work Packages
Table 3.1 c: List of Deliverables
3.2 Management Structure and Procedures
Table 3.2 a: List of Milestones
Table 3.2 b: Critical Risks for Implementation
3.3 Consortium as a Whole
3.4 Resources to be Commited
Table 3.4 a: Summary of Staff Effort
Table 3.4 b: Other Direct Cost Items

4. Members of the consortium
4.1 Participants (applicants)
4.1.1 University of Amsterdam
4.1.2 Dark Horse
4.1.3 Europeana
4.1.4 National Museum of World Cultures
4.1.5 Weyeser
4.1.6 CastYourArt
5. Ethics and Security


























1. Excellence

1.1 Objectives

Learning and research (in the humanities) are hindered by a lack of coding
skills and the seeming incommensurability of educating massive groups of
students and providing high quality education. Although traditional knowledge
institutions are losing their monopoly on education and research, ICT skills
and knowledge production remain privileges of a cultural, technological and
economic elite. We propose to tackle this problem by providing online and
offline interfaces between people on the one hand and learning and research on
the other hand, which focus on new forms of collaboration and a user- and tool-
oriented approach to learning programming skills. These interfaces lower the
technological, economic and organizational barriers to participation, empower
many different groups of people to more deeply and effectively engage with
technology and motivate lifelong learning.

We identify four dilemmas about statements on learning and research that can be
challenged or embraced:

Digital Literacy:Education and research (in the humanities) increasingly depend
on people with programming skills.
Organization: Traditional knowledge institutions are losing their monopoly on
education and research.
Numbers:Future education should revolve around massive numbers (Big Data,
MOOC).
Elite: Coding and knowledge production remain privileges of a cultural,
technological and economic elite.

Problems and Projects

Our answer to these dilemmas provide the following objectives:

The goal to heighten digital literacy. We want to increase the number of people
who approach learning and research collaboratively, through an online platform
where users learn programming and build tools, thereby increasing digital
literacy and at the same time lowering the technological threshold to engage
with and reflect on digital tools.

The goal of organization. We intend to create interfaces for users to teach
each other and learn and research collaboratively, out of their own motivation,
but use institutional structures to kick-start this process and provide
disciplinary contexts.

The goal of strengthening numbers. We want to increase the number of people
learning and researching by focusing on collaboration and sharing knowledge, so
that individual approaches and feedback remain possible, thereby retaining high
quality education.

The goal of addressing the issue of the elite. We want to make learning and
research accessible and relevant by offering interfaces that allow many
different types of users to learn to use and do research with technology

These objectives present learning and inclusion as problems of interfaces. By
definition, interfaces determine who or what is included and excluded. The
focus of this project is thus on providing interfaces that increase inclusion,
where users build, explore and reflect on digital tools and how we use them.
The overarching goal is to weave technology and humanities together to foster
innovation through three forums: an expandable platform for humanities students
collaborate through coding, a lab space where humanities thinking influences
product and business design, and an exhibition which engages technology, art,
business, and humanities. We propose to do this in three parts:

Platform as interface: an expandable platform for humanities students to
collaboratively learn programming and build tools for their research. The
coding platform would develop new courses with both on and offline components.
Our goal is to introduce four new courses of 12 ETCs, one each year. The new
courses would enable Coding the Humanities to expand students’ introduction to
programming to an open space where they would collaborate with people from all
over the world in their ICT engagement. It would foster communication among
students and other participants by serving as a space where they can share and
experiment with findings, improvise together, and enjoy the thrill of new
learning with a network of support. The goal in terms of inclusion would be to
reach 20,000 users in four years. The University of Amsterdam would begin by
including four other universities in this platform, linking the students
through the coursework. The University of California Santa Barbara, University
of California Irvine, and Humboldt University of Berlin are highly motivated to
take part in this platform.

Lab as interface:The lab space would be an offline physical space in Amsterdam
where students could work together with private partners to create new products
and services that involve humanities thinking; applying a humanities
perspective to practical applications outside academia. Our goal is to create
one new product or service per year that meets a need within the humanities,
and one new product or service per year that meets a need for a more general or
different audience.

Collections as interfaces: The exhibition would be a combination of on and
offline projects, culminating in a public six week exhibition in Vienna three
years into the project. We endeavor to involve students from the platform,
partners from the lab space, as well as other private and public partners,
developers, and the general population. This exhibition would consist of
workshops, data events, speakers, art installations, and presentations on
relationships between ITC, art, business, and cultural heritage.

We also challenge the traditional educational dichotomy of researchers as
experts and students as novices. Learning and research are hard to separate as
both revolve around involve producing and sharing knowledge, where each
participant can be both the sender and receiver of knowledge. This leads us to
five principles which will guide our implementation of these interfaces:

Training over support: Our first core value is training so that a learner will
soon be able to pass on the knowledge to another learner. While support can
result in repeatedly assisting the same person with the same issue, maintaining
a distinction and even hierarchy in skill sets, training provides experience to
the learner to bring them to an equal level to the trainer.

Collaboration over ownership: Related to training over support is our second
core principle, which favors collaborative over competitive efforts. Owning
processes and results together on an equal basis promotes great teamwork.

Online over Massive:The format of the platform encourages students to first
learn coding online, but intends them to also have a physical team within their
institution. This complements the Massive Open Online Course (MOOC) concept,
which includes only an online context for learning.

Knowledge production over data processing:The increasing amount of data
available demands the skill not just to process this data but to make sense of
it. In order to turn data into knowledge, technical data processing needs to be
accompanied by interpretation and conscious understanding. Numbers need to be
turned into narratives.

Accessibility over state-of-the-art: Our fifth core value is that of tools that
are less complicated to begin to use over those that are state-of-the-art.
Whereas state-of-the-art tools attract primarily the technically biased, more
accessible tools have the power to reach a wider group of new users, including
the non-technically biased. This supports our goal of inclusion of
traditionally and currently underrepresented populations in ICT.

Coding the Humanities is already a strong and unique research project in
Amsterdam (UvA, VU, HvA) that has been successfully running for over one year.
Closely linked to projects such as dh, data drive, AAA, chat, and circa, Coding
the Humanities explores interplay between humanities and technology. We engage
traditionally non-technically biased students with technology in order to
empower them to proactively create their own tools, as well as to more deeply
and holistically reflect on those tools. We aim to extend beyond the coursework
currently offered in order to connect humanities students to artistic,
cultural, and business institutions.

To enrich these courses and enhance the analysis of the coding platform's
processes and results, we seek funding from other sources to offer two PhD
positions related to relationships between humanities and technology. These
positions would be excellent additions to the project, whose primary focus is
to create new products and services and support research and development
activities. Each project will address a key aspect of the overall objective to
foster connections between technology and humanities.

The first project will address the Physical Lab element, and will involve a PhD
student working part-time as an embedded researcher in a separate institution.
The project will investigate sustainable forms of knowledge transfer and
creative and collaborative work practices in combined digital and physical
learning environments.

The second project would relate to the core project of the coding platform. The
PhD student would research how to reflect on tools through coding. S/he would
conceptualize, plan, monitor, and program the coding platform. This PhD would
serve as a way of measuring the development and success of the platform over
four years. This researcher will be well integrated into the context of the
university's department of digital humanities, and will also collaborate with
private and public partners.

1.2 Relation to the Work Programme

Indicate the work programme topic to which your proposal relates, and explain
how your proposal addresses the specific challenge and scope of that topic, as
set out in the work programme.

The project proposed fits the work programme &quot;Platform for ICT for
Learning and Inclusion&quot; as it seeks to initiate a dialogue between
university scholars and students, artists, knowledge institutions and private
companies about the potential merits of ICT for new forms of teaching,
learning, knowledge production and transfer.

The dialogue will be initiated on and around a open online learning and
collaboration platform that allows students, researchers but also the general
public in an hands on approach to shape ICT and discuss ICT related issues. The
platform seeks to train students and researchers to understand and shape the
digital tools surrounding them. The open design of this interface encourages
them to pass on the tools they created and the knowledge they generated.

The exchange on the use of and knowledge about ICT in research and education
will be further advanced by an offline lab that accompanies the online
platform. In this space, that explores the interplay of on- and offline
collaborations, workshops, hackathons and presentations are set up to point the
attention of a broad audience towards ICT as a means to enhance knowledge
production and encourage them to participate on the online platform itself.

Finally the software projects, insights of students, private and public
partners will feed into a 6 week exhibition in Vienna on the engagement of ICT
and knowledge production addressing a large audience and engaging them in
workshops. The documentation of the exihibition will be openly accessible
online.

Thus this project aims at providing a platform that equips its users with
agency concerning the application of ICT for knowledge production, in order to
increase the overall amount of people that can join ICT related discussions.

The members of the consortium combine a broad expertise that allows to explore
how ICT can enhance humanities research and education, how these insights can
help knowledge institutions to make their heritage more accessible and
understandable for a larger public and how these knowledge can inspire SMEs for
the development of new products and services.

The consortium will provide training and consultation to humanities students,
researchers and scholars. It will generate models and strategies concerning the
use and development of ICT for teaching and education in an online and offline
context that are valuable to other universities, public institutions and
companies.

In order to involve a large number of students, researcher, scholars but also
non-technology biased people in general terms, the platform reaches out to
other universities, knowledge institutions and private partners alike in order
to initiate a dialogue about new forms of education that not only integrates
ICT but empowers a large number of people to use and shape these technologies
to their specific needs. Due to the open licenses used the digital tools
developed by the students can be applied and altered also by social
institutions, civic movements or the general public.

1.3 Concept and approach, quality of the coordination and support measures

1.3.1 Introduction

Many humanities students and scholars are reluctant to learn new technologies,
and thereby limit both their own ability to influence the outside world, as
well as the incorporation of technology in their research. As Mitch Resnick has
said, not being able to take charge of the technological tools we use to meet
our own particular needs is similar to being able only to read a language but
not write. For full use of the language and to use it to express ourselves, we
must also be able to use it to create new structures. To make full use of
technologies, we must be able not just to use them passively, but to modify
them. This venture will empower humanities students and scholars to proactively
drive their own learning and research. When they engage with technology through
coding, they open the doors to master and innovate their own tools.

The coding platform will build upon Coding the Humanities, an already strong
research project at the University of Amsterdam that has been successfully
running for more than a year. Coding the Humanities is closely linked to
several other projects, including zooniverse, dh, chat, and circa, and explores
interplay between humanities and technology within the humanities faculty. It
currently introduces programming to humanities students through coursework. We
have three courses that are incorporated into the curriculum on programming
basics. The course &quot;Art, Science, and Technology&quot; is running now, and
the courses &quot;Coding the Humanities&quot; and &quot;From Objected
Data&quot; will both begin in September 2014. Increasing the number of
humanities students and scholars with programming skills through this coding
platform will allow them to shape and create digital tools that meet their
particular research needs and encourage new forms of learning, teaching and
knowledge production. This skillset will sensitize the participants to their
technological environment and make them aware of the challenges and
opportunities ICT offers for humanities research. Coding knowledge makes those
in the humanities more employable because humanities students and scholars will
increasingly need to be able to read and write code. Expanding the context
beyond the classroom to the coding platform will give students a venue to
connect and share with participants outside the university.

1.3.2 Assumptions involved

There is an assumption in society that academia is separate from the rest of
the world, and that the two cannot interact; we intend to break down this
constructed notion and open channels for the two to connect. More specifically,
we address the assumption that humanities students and scholars are separate
from the hard sciences and technology, endeavoring to bring the two together.

At the present time, universities face a loss of authority and control over
their own knowledge production as models of traditional education are being
replicated in online formats. Transfering the classroom into online formats
does no justice to the possibilities provided by online tools in terms of peer
learning, collaboration, and exchange that abandons the dichotomy of experts
and layman.

1.3.3 Approach

This research proposal consists of three integrated action fields in which
public-private-civic partnerships (quad-helix) lead to a sharing of expertise
and collaborative practices geared at the development of a cutting-edge
innovative educational ecosystem that is specific to the (digital) humanities
but reaches beyond this realm. These fields are socio-technical in their
approach; apart from combining insights from different partners to develop
technological solutions (such as an online educational platform), valorize
existing and new R&amp;D methodologies (such as design thinking methodologies
and embedded research practices) and the translation of data streams and
information in intuitive interfaces that make use of visualization, this
research proposal seeks to specially gear technological developments and
efforts to enhance society by closing the digital divide. By collaborating
throughout the project with public, private and civic partners, the project
foresees the accumulation of knowledge and a digital skilling of particular
hitherto unreached civic groups.

These efforts should be viewed in line with two overarching developments in
contemporary society and in humanities’ research; the move to create smart
cities where citizens are digitally empowered and the development of digital
humanities. By integrating the digital skilling of citizens with the agenda of
the development of digital humanities, the project aims to perform academic
research through a digital inclusion methodology/practice. Practically, the
envisioned educational platform realizes local engagement, user-focused
learning with both an individually-oriented as well as collective component;
collaboration and the accumulation of knowledge and skills are key to a
successful implementation of the platform.

Each of the three areas anticipates and addresses an upcoming challenge.


1.3.3.1 The Platform as Interface

In order to initiate a fruitful debate about the development and application of
ICT it is crucial not only to start that debate among ICT experts. On the
contrary, this debate should evolve around users and their needs. Thus one of
the main challenges to face for the creation of a sustainable dialogue about
the opportunities ICT offers is to interest and educate non-technologically
biased persons, meaning those who are not inclined to use and develop ICT.

CtH pursues this goal by addressing humanities students and at the same time
provides an online learning interface that reaches out to non-technologically
biased people in general by lowering the threshold to engage with ICT. This
platform therefore opens up the closed university realm for the education up to
bigger numbers and overcomes the limitation of ICT training to a cultural,
technological and economical elite.

Whereas classical digital humanities programs often rely ICT experts that
develop programs for the humanities and provide for supportive actions for the
implementation of these tools, coding the humanities seeks to train the
students and researchers themselves to shape ICT and understand the
possibilities the tools they hold in their hands offer. Hereby the online
platform intends to enlarge the circle of people that are involved in the
development of ICT beyond the small group of experts.

The platform provides an &quot;online first&quot; approach which means that the
students find the means to learn coding and work collaboratively online first
through courses and tutorials but can complement these tools with offline
meetings. This approach avoids the mere transfer of offline teaching methods
into the online world, which is a typical weakness of many Massive Open Online
Courses (MOOCs), but explores what offline collaboration can be informed by
strategies applied with online tools and how innovative offline practices can
initiate and foster online cooperation. It seeks to provide students with the
technological foundations to acquire and develop these skills by themselves and
in peer learning based processes, based on tutorials and assignments

CtH projects are produced and stored under open licenses which encourages the
collaboration and reuse of the software tools by other institutions, companies
or partners and therefore provides. These platform in this sense triggers
direct debate on the status of ICT in the humanities.

In times of big data more and more data is available but not necessary turned
into knowledge. The Coding the Humanities platform educates students,
researchers and non-technologically biased people on how to approach this data.
It allows its participants to gain insights by addressing these dataset. The
CtH projects and tools are therefore easily relateable to already existing open
data movements - it seeks to provide its users with digital agency that evolves
into debates on open data.

The platform will embrace open source culture and open licenses. The students
share their code projects on a distributed repository which encourages re-use,
altering and further development. This platform is therefore open, inclusive
and sustainable.

Technical approach

On the technical side the design of the platform is inspired by and makes use
of open source software and the attached collaborative strategies.

Users make a profile on GitHub, an online public platform for maintaining and
sharing repositories that has distributed version control (each user has access
to all versions of all documents in the project and can modify existing
projects). Their profiles contain all their work, every single contribution to
their repositories, which encourages sharing and reuse but also provides them
with a portfolio which shows their skills. This portfolio increases the
employability of humanities students in addition to serving as a documentation
site.

The platform is developed in JavaScript, which will also be the main
programming language that is used on the platform. JavaScript is the language
that is used on most websites and in all modern web browsers to let the user
interact with the web. The advantage of using JavaScript is that it gives users
access to the full stack of technologies: client-side, server-side and database
levels can be controlled with JavaScript. With it, programmers can interact
with data on any website and any web platform. JavaScript also combines the
major programming paradigms, so users switching to other programming languages
will recognise many elements and don't need to start from scratch.

All interaction with the platform is done via the web browser. All modern
browsers allow users to directly interact with web sites and servers through
the browser console using JavaScript. Thereby users can directly apply their
coding skills to anything they encounter on the web. Another advantage is that
this minimises the threshold to developing and using programming skills, as web
browsers are found on most computers and are provided by default with all
popular operating systems. At the same time, using JavaScript in the browser
exposes users to the full range of programming possibilities.

Furthermore, the platform is tool oriented. Students develop small tools and
widgets that perform small parts of the research they want to conduct. The
reason to focus on tools is that researchers in general and humanities scholars
in particular need to reflect critically on the tools they use for their
research. By becoming proficient at conceptualising and developing tools,
scholars develop a keen eye for perceiving how digital tools work in general.

Developments in programming languages have shifted the focus from computation
to language. Commands in modern programming languages are more like natural
language expressions, whereas older languages forced programmers to formulate
very algebraic commands. This makes modern languages more intuitive to use,
which lowers the threshold and together with the vast number of interesting
JavaScript modules available on the web, even novice programmers can build
interesting applications in a matter of hours or days instead of months or
years. Promoting programming skills to a large audience makes more sense now
than ever before.

User Experience

The users of the platform will acquire programming skills via modular online
courses and tutorials with direct visual feedback and the ability to
concurrently work on the same code and copy and comment on each others work in
real-time. This approach encourages peer learning and collaboration.

The platform is set up in such a way that universities can integrate learning
modules from CtH in their curriculum, while students can build up their
portfolios through research projects, with which they can show both their
progress to teachers and their skills and achievements to (future) employers.
Furthermore, as was indicated about the application, it integrates naturally
with Github and other open source environments, lowering the threshold for a
diverse audience to reuse, copy and extend the prototypes, products and results
of interest to society, including the general public, academics and companies.

The platform will be introduced to students for the University of Amsterdam
with an accompanying offline course that allows students to earn ECT points.
This phase will be followed by public release.

1.3.3.2 The Lab as Interface

Universities are opening up towards other universities, civic movements and
companies, so that other groups can benefit from and enrich their knowledge.

This process of opening up can be accelerated by spaces that are situated in
between the involved actors. The &quot;living lab&quot; we propose shows how
this can lead to innovation. The physical lab provices a space for embedded
research, a place for &quot;overlapping&quot;, theory and artistic practice,
physical and digital research, of studio, workshop, library, of institutions -
private and public, an independent place

Introduction

One of the challenges concerning new forms of online learning is to form a
community of participants that are interested to engage with a platform over a
longer period of time and actively contribution to sustainable projects. This
sub-project addresses these challenges by the design and production of an
offline living lab as interface between digital and analogue world.

As a user-driven methodology, Living Labs aim to blur the boundaries between
technology users and producers by including (future) users of technologies from
the start of technology development. Positioning users as co-creators reverses
traditional “top-down” R&amp;D-processes performed by companies in favour of
“bottom-up” innovation, performed by users and grounded in society instead of
in research laboratories. This practice is to lead to unexpected insights into
user ideas and practices (Almirall, 2008: 43 Almirall, E. (2008). Living Labs
and Open Innovation: Roles and Applicability. The Electronic Journal for
Virtual Organizations and Networks, 10(August), 21–46) and lead to the
development of more successful ICTs. To gain unexpected insights, methodologies
focus on the inclusion of real (end) users in daily life contexts. The Living
Lab thus also comprises a setting; a setting that affords “experimentation
environments in which technology is given shape in real life context and in
which (end) users are considered co-producers” (Ballon et al., 2005: 13 Ballon,
P., Delaere, S., Pierson, J., M, P., Slot, M., Bierhof, J., &amp; Diocaretz, M.
(2005). Test &amp; Experimentation Platforms for Broadband Innovation:
Conceptualizing and Benchmarking International Best Practice).

This living lab, the OverLab, will explore the integration and complementation
of ICT based learning and collaboration into an offline environment. It will
serve as a testbed to initiate, support and foster online ICT projects. At the
same time, the strategies and practices of the analogue space inform the
development of the digital platform. Innovative perspectives on the application
of ICT in general and its integration into an offline space will be explored
through experimental, user focused workshops that result in a physical space.
The conception and design of the lab according to user needs is a crucial part
within this subproject. This approach will produce models and concepts for the
design and user culture of a living lab that feeds of and informs the online
learning platform. The process will be openly documented and intends the
imitation and formation of living labs related to the coding the humanities
platform.

The initial users of this interface are researchers that are situated in
between a variety of aspects themselves: Embedded researchers work between
theory and (artistic) practice, physical and digital research, science and art,
universities and public or private partners. Their needs as digital knowledge
worker on the one hand and a specific but homogeneous group on the other hand,
allow valuable insights concerning the question of how ICT can provide
instruments to make research more open, accessible and sustainable.

It will be an independent place outside the department structure of the
university in which studio, workshop and library intertwine, a room that
enables and allows to experiment.

Project Overview

Embedded researcher is a new and exciting role within the university. Its goal
is to establish sustainable partnerships between private partners and
universities. In practice, however, this turns out to be problematic, since the
role and position of this kind of researcher is peripheral by definition. The
embedded researcher usually works on short term projects and in between the
academy and a company which seeks to establish sustainable collaborations
between the creative industries and universities. Though the future of research
lies more and more in collaborations between disciplines and fields, between
public and private partnerships, practice and theory, between classic
methodology and flexible theory, co-creation and collaborations the
interdisciplinary researcher enters work spaces which are not built by or for
them and uses methodology and means of exposure which remain in the respective
fields.

Where artists use their atelier, designers their studio and scientists their
lab for experimentation, testing and collaboration, the embedded researcher
enters a traditional, disciplinary university environment even though they are
often expected to address research questions with a practical and creative
research aspect. But artistic expression and creativity do not obey closing
hours and bureaucratic sterility of university buildings.

A virtual and physical lab is essential to compensate for the aforementioned
problems. An online and offline platform - that already exists before they
start, and will start after their contracts end - a space is a necessary
precondition for embedded research projects that are actually sustainable. In
this project we want to explore how such a lab should look like. Therefore this
project seeks to investigate and built upon the combined needs for newly
established forms of research by means of self-reflective research by the
combined skills and expertise of the public and private partner using design
thinking.

Therefore this project seeks to investigate and built upon the combined needs
for newly established forms of research by means of self-reflective research by
the combined skills and expertise of the public and private partner using
design thinking. When working from a human-centered approach it is crucial to
not think of the form of the outcome right away or to be limited to just one
medium or technology. But in order to experiment and innovate, a flexible
workspace is as much needed as a flƒexible methodological framework which
stimulates creating research designs with specific tools.

Challenge The work space of the embedded researchers are regular office spaces
at the university, supplied with a desk and a computer. The scope of most
projects however requires a variety of work settings. When working from a
human-centered approach it is crucial to not think of the form of the outcome
right away or to be limited to just one medium or technology. But in order to
experiment and innovate, a flexible workspace is needed. Artistic expression
and creativity do not obey closing hours and bureaucratic sterility of
university buildings. How could the ideal workspace for knowledge workers look
like? How could the working environment be adapted to meet the changed research
requirements of knowledge workers at the Departments for Digital Humanities,
Media Studies, Cultural Analysis and Artistic Research? How can these physical
structures create a sustainable link with an online learning environment? And
how can the analogue and digital workspaces best be linked to each other?

How to: user-centered approach Design Thinking aims at ﬁnding out about users’s
needs via an ethnographic research tools, synthesizes, narrows insights down to
hit the core of a problem, condensed synthesis enables to start into an
ideation part generates a broad variety of ideas, makes ideas tangible in rapid
and rough prototypes, cost-efﬁcient development

Future University related research has to be informed by open methodologies.
Increasingly funding is spread competitively for small research periods, also
in order to foster the collaboration between the public and the private sector,
for example in the form of embedded researchers. Even though the emphasis here
is on sustainable research, the projects are often closed and presented and not
open for further development (unless some additional funding allows to proceed)
Truely sustainable research is OPEN and would mean that a project has releases
- at some point (after the official end of the research period) other students,
embedded researchers are allowed and encouraged to take the outcome of the
research, alter and develop it further. At some point (after the official end
of the research period) other students, embedded researchers are allowed and
encouraged to take the outcome of the research, alter and develop it further.

There is an increasing need of knowledge workers to combine theoretical as well
as hands-on approaches in their research. Current workspaces do not provide
enough space, the right material, or the appropriate technology to experiment.
It is also essential to have a methodological framework for researching
interdisciplinary methodology, as well as best practice for building
sustainable public-private-partnerships

1.3.3.3 Collections as Interfaces

Collection as an interface: the exploration of the opportunities interfaces and
visualization of data holds for knowledge production and inclusion

There are not only dramatic geographic differences in accessibility to and user
skills of ICT but also socio-economic and demographic gaps.1 Vast societal
groups face the problem of digital exclusion. Accessibility to and digital
literacy about ICTs determine whether a person is included into economic,
social and cultural life, and whether they can participate in decision making
processes within the democratic realm. In other words, using and comprehending
ICT is about agency and inclusion. With regard to the growing impact of ICT not
only on economic productivity but also within the cultural, social and
political realm, this exclusion forms a challenge in terms of equality,
inclusion and chances of participation.

One area in which the challenge of digital literacy and exclusion is prominent
is within humanities research. Academia is increasingly confronted with large
amounts of data. In order to turn this data into information and into
knowledge, researchers and students need tools that allow to structure, search,
correlate, analyze, but most importantly, present and visualize this data. This
is also true for working fields related to the humanities: museums, libraries
and archives are challenged to make the huge data sets that result from
digitalization of the cultural heritage they foster2, accessible and
understandable for as many people as possible. Despite the opportunities these
mass resources generated in numerous digitization projects provide, humanities
researchers and students are – due to a lack of skills - reluctant to exploit
these troves.

At the same time, governments, municipalities and cultural institutions
increasingly share their data openly online. A good example of this development
in the field of cultural heritage is our partner in this project the Europeana
network3. But also in the political field a lot of open data sets wait be
explored by dedicated citizen. The skills to compile graspable information from
big data sets therefore become more important on the level of politics and
social agency. It allows civic movements but also single citizens to understand
political and social processes, identify problems and develop solutions – that
can be software based.4

Coding the Humanities trains students and researchers to read and handle data
streams and shows possible ways to translate these into visualizations.
Visualizations such as cartography, timelines, graphs, diagrams or animations,
as well as the design of interactive interfaces help to translate data into
knowledge by providing a context for different information and a combination of
different data sets. This approach can boost humanities research and at the
same time it makes humanities concepts and research productive and
understandable for a broader audience as the visual translation of the data can
inspire the mind to new insights.

In practice, the choice is made to encourage researchers to first learn to
program in JavaScript; JavaScript has a low threshold for the practical
application of code in various fields. Here the researchers can also experiment
with and apply their knowledge to existing open code resources. In addition to
this, existing visualization applications and programs - such as cartography,
timelines, graphs, diagrams or animations - are made available to humanities’
researchers. Combining newly developed JavaScript coding skills with enhanced
visualization applications literacy, allows humanities’ researchers to elicit
new knowledge and scientific insights by experimenting with existing JavaScript
libraries such as D3 (Data Driven Documents)5 while also gaining good control
over the visual outcome of their research endeavors. These tools thus enhance
the analysis and understanding of complex relations and concepts relevant to
humanities’ research. At the same time data sets become comprehensible and
presentable to a broader audience. Supported by private partners in the
consortium, researchers will also develop new tools that may be applied to
different open data sets, provided by cultural institutions and organizations.

The developed tools can be applied to different data sets. Especially with
regard to the above mentioned open data sets provided by more and more cultural
institutions and organizations, data visualization tools provide a great
foundation for collaborative activities between universities and other
institutions. These tools allow to exceed the mode of mere data processing to
the actual production of new insights and knowledge.

Practically, the foreseen educational platform realizes local engagement, user-
focused learning with both an individually-oriented as well as collective
component; collaboration and the accumulation of knowledge and skills are key
to a successful implementation of the platform. Apart from a digital
educational platform and the realization of a physical research space where
public-private-civic partners can collaborate, a third component of the project
is the translation of data in intuitive interfaces and data visualization.
Students and researchers (“users”) will be taught to translate data into
visualization, thereby not only learning how to interpret data, but also how to
code and reflect on what coding practices mean; how the act of coding
influences how data is represented. Users, in this way, become more aware of
how data may be manipulated while at the same time gaining skills that empower
the user. By learning how to read and handle data streams and how these may be
translated in visualizations, users therefore not only gain skills, but also
become more empowered, “smart” users. Moreover, data visualization tools
provide a great foundation for collaborative activities between universities
and other institutions; these tools move beyond the mode of mere data
processing to instead produce new insights and knowledge.

The project thus involves visualization and interface expertise of private
partners to not merely facilitate and realize skilling of humanities’
researchers, but to moreover stimulate new knowledge production. Directly
connected to this is the fact that the consortium is complemented by open data
collections provided by cultural institutions. These open data collections
provide research material for humanities researchers to interact with, to
investigate and to draw new knowledge from.

This also relates to the second part of the Collection as Interfaces sub-
project; the research performed by consortium of actors will culminate in a
public six week exhibition, situated in Vienna in the third year of the
project. Involving and drawing from the research practices of students on the
platform, the partners in the lab, as well as other private and public
partners, developers and the general population, the exhibition publicly
presents workshops, art installations and events about the relationship between
ICT, art, business and cultural heritage.

The exhibition would be a combination of on and offline projects complemented
by workshops, data events, speakers, art installations, and presentations on
relationships between ITC, art, business, and cultural heritage. Situated in
public space, the exhibition invites the public to engage with art work,
developed interfaces, and visualizations which are the result of researchers’
efforts in researching open data provided by cultural institutions.

The exhibition will be presented in the third year of the project. However, at
the end of the first year, a trial event will be organized in Vienna, where
first results are to be presented. Between the first and third year, the
consortium will work on realizing the six week exhibition through crowdfunding
mechanisms, such as kickstarter.6

Consortium

In this research field we work with the Dutch company Weyeser with expertise in
supporting organizations to translate big amounts of data into knowledge by
means of data mining, machine learning and visualization. Their solutions offer
governments, governmental institutions, universities, think tanks and
corporations ways of objectively assessing their knowledge portfolio and that
of their peers. Within the framework of CtH, Weyeser supports humanities
students in the analysis and visualization of humanities’ related data sets
relevant to their research.

Weyeser’s expertise with visualization and interfacing-practices is
complemented by the Austrian company CastYourArt. CastYourArt is focused on
consulting, production and online/offline distribution of audio and video
material in which they present artists, exhibitions and collectors and take art
out of the museum context.

Moreover, the consortium in this research field will be completed by a public
partner, the Europeana network, which will initiate projects that encourage
students to work with the datasets related to their collection. In a series of
workshops with the private and the public partner the students will learn about
the status quo of visualization within the museums context. With their
humanities background the students are predestined to comprehend how to turn
data into a narrative and how to meet the demands of the visitor. With their
coding skills and the support of the private partner, the students will
collective conceptualize and develop software solutions for this field but not
limited to this field. The outcome of this project will be accessible and free
to use by other students, scholars, cultural institutions or civic movements.

Visualization empowers the students to make the increasing number of large
datasets productive for their research. The new perspectives gained also
provide arguments and strategies for a larger audience ranging from museums to
foundations to civic movements.

Describe any national or international research and innovation activities which
will be linked with the project, especially where the outputs from these will
feed into the project;

The proposed projects will connect to the Amsterdam Centre for Digital
Humanities in terms of shared seminars and benefit from the collaborations with
scholars that have insights research concerning tools for humanities research.
Furthermore Coding the Humanities will benefit from research and network of the
Creative Research Centre Amsterdam to connect with SMEs of the creative
industries sector to collaborate on the development of innovative products and
services. Collaboration with Material Encounters with Digital Cultural Heritage
(meSch)7 is a highly likely possibility, as the UvA is already involved in this
project. It is a four year European Union funded project based in the United
Kingdom that aims to co-design novel platforms for the creation of tangible
exhibits at heritage sites. Curators will be able to offer visitors new
interactive experiences through material interaction with smart objects.

Additionally, V-MusT.net8 could be a potential network to collaborate with. It
is a network of excellence that focuses on virtual museums, endeavoring to
provide the heritage sector with the tools and support to develop virtual
museums that are educational, enjoyable, long-lasting and easy to maintain.

The overall approach to this project is to stimulate both self-empowerment and
at the same time, collaboration, between those working in the humanities those
outside academia. This will be done by offering PhD positions, encouraging
embedded research activities, and working together with Design Thinking
companies for fruitful interaction in the physical lab. There is already an
extensive amount of coordination between the University of Amsterdam and
outside institutions for this project. Productive meetings with several
companies have taken place, including Dark Horse.
Where relevant, describe how sex and/or gender analysis is taken into account
in the project’s content.

This project is about empowering people to use technology, concentrating on
those who are hesitant or face obstacles to do so. Girls and women overall face
greater obstacles to accessing technology and education in general. Raising
awareness of this issue, fostering discussion on feminism and coding, and
working to create new ways of increasing the participation of girls and women
in coding are all essential elements to our project.

Previously unmet needs that can be met by bringing sex and gender into the
research:
-addressing the roots of the divide between women and men in technology.
- equipping more girls and women with coding skills will enable them to create
tools that they need, which have been overlooked in the male-dominated world of
coding and technology in general.

The number of woman attracted by coding within CtH could be increased by
collaborations with initiatives that seek to do the same - increase the number
of female coders, like Railsgirls9 or geekettes10 in forms of workshops,
information evenings in the lab.
A recent EU study shows that only 30% of the people in the ICT sector in Europe
are women, a number that mirrors the low number of women with a degree in that
field. Digital Agenda: Bringing more women into EU digital sector would bring
€9 billion annual GDP boost11, EU study shows While the same study shows the
potential of having more woman working in that field traditional ICT programs
fail to attract female students. At the same time female students in the
humanities outnumber male students. Thus an approach like CtH holds enormous
potential to engage more women in ICT via their research interests. The seminar
Coding the Humanities at the University of Amsterdam has shown that, in
combination with tools relevant to their research, woman are as keen as men to
engage with coding.


2. Impact

2.1 Expected impacts

The main goal of the project is to reach and train a large number of humanities
students, researchers and scholars and initiate collaboration through coding
projects and a debate about the digital tools in use. This goal will be pursued
through active involvement of students and researchers on the online interface,
the use of the offline lab, collaborations with universities, organizations and
private partners.

On a larger scope the project will provide an online learning platform that is
freely accessible and contains collection digital tools that can be re-used,
adapted or developed further. The platform therefore holds the potential of
enabling and equipping a large number of non-technologically biased people to
use these and other tools according to their needs. In order make this project
known to potentially digitally excluded persons Coding the Humanities seeks to
facilitate collaborations with diverse partners, such as knowledge institutes,
civic movements and municipals.

This hands on approach will train thousands of humanities students to develop
digital agency and at the same time seeks to interests many potentially
digitally excluded persons and train them to collaboratively expand their
coding skills and to pass on this knowledge. Every active user therefore become
a collaborator and multiplyer.

Targets

As concrete targets we intent to:

- have 20.000 active users of the online platform after four years
- have at least 50 regular users of the physical lab
- have the model of the lab implemented by at least four other public or
private institutions
- reach at least 1000 people workshops, presentations, hackathons with varying
levels of technological knowledge
- to give presentations together with the private partners on at least 5
conferences / symposiums per year
- involve international digital/media artists and reach and involve hundreds of
visitors of the fare for digital devices in Vienna in 2017

Reaching these goals

University of Amsterdam

The three offline courses &quot;Art, Science, and Technology&quot;,
&quot;Coding the Humanities&quot;, &quot;From Object to Data&quot; initiate the
participation on the platform with 20 students per course, 60 students in total
in 2014 and create a awareness of the project before the official release.

In the following years four courses (12 ECT) per year starting 2015 will reach
320 students. These students are meant to work as tutors and pass on their
knowledge to other humanities students and engage with them in projects based
on their research interests.

During the same time 40 embedded researchers will use the online interface and
the pilot and the actual physical lab. The experience gained for the work
within this analogue and digital collaborative space, naturally integrates into
their research which is aimed at modeling a product or service for a cultural
institution with regard to the digital enhancement the services.

Best practice models for other universities and organizations

Collaborations with at least four other universities with humanities
departments equal in size to that of the faculty of humanities of the
University of Amsterdam (7.000 students) will introduce the platform on an
international level to a large goup of humanities students and scholars. These
universities integrate the platform into their curriculum. Coding the
Humanities will provide scholars from the other universities with consultation
on the implementation of the platform in the coursework.

The success of these collaborations can be directly measured through the number
of participating students and of their portfolios on github. Among the involved
humanities scholars an active exchange about the integration of the platform
into their teaching will be initiated and curated by Coding the Humanities
communications staff.

Coding the Humanities will furthermore reach out to initiatives like the open
knowledge foundation, railsgirls and research centers like the Creative
Industries Research Centre Amsterdam and Centre for Digital Humanities
Amsterdam to diversify and enlarge the usergroup further.

Public and Private Partners

The direct cooperation with different SMEs will allow for the co-development of
products and services and thus include another perspective into the digital
tools needed in humanities teaching and education.

Events

All findings, for example in form of reports, presentation, videos, design
blueprints, and the code generated in the project will be documented and
accessible online. The project manager of Coding the Humanities will initiate a
series of events that points the awareness groups with various levels of
technical knowledge to these tools and the interface itself. Furthermore, the
project will be presented at various conferences, symposia and conventions in
the field of education and software.

Via the online interface, the physical space and a series of events, Coding the
Humanities is going to reach and empower a diverse audience of people different
levels of programming and technological knowledge. The mix of hands on courses
and tutorials and offline workshops will empower humanities students to enter a
dialogue on the impact of digital tools on their research and ways of
collaboration.

The collaboration with different institutions and organizations will increase
the diversity of participants and loosen up the homogeneous group of humanities
researchers. The development of services and products related to humanities
research but also aimed at the needs of a larger public (for example knowledge
institutions) ensure that the dialogue about digital tools exceeds an abstract
realm which is not user centered and evolves between ICT experts. Instead it
includes a diverse groups of a new kind of enabled users.


2.2 Measures to maximize impact

2.2.1 Dissemination and Exploitation of Results

The project reaches out to a diverse group of humanities students, researcher
and scholars, universities and research institutes, museums, archives, SMEs of
the creative industries sector, civic movements and especially non-
technologically biased people within the general public.

The projects seeks to provide models, products and services to enhance
educational training to the indicated group. These impacts shall be reached
following the strategy.


Users
To a large extent, the results of the coding platform will automatically be
available to all. A project manager will be hired and will be responsible for
strategizing and implementing a campaign to disseminate results. Building the
network through the coding platform, as well as connections to our art network
will help to extend this project to others.

We will reach:

1) Humanities researchers (novice and experienced) through:
    * online courses in regular curriculum
    * workshops at academic events
    * embedded research projects
2) (Open Source) Software Developers through:
    * presenting and pitching at PICNIC, European platform for innovation and
      creativity
    * presenting at EYEO Minneapolis
    * presenting at VisConf Boston
    * presenting at JSConf
    * create online tutorials
    * share our curriculum on github
3) Museums and Archives, through:
   1. build and offer visualization tools
   2. collections as interfaces
   3. exhibition
   4. course projects
4) Civic organizations
    * collaborative open data projects like hackathons
    * General public
    * organizing the coding sessions'
    * presentations by the partners involved
    * presentations by students and embedded researchers
    * exhibition in Vienna
    * open projects and challenges like hackathons

Uses

How will we increase the (inclusive and innovative) uses and usage of ICT for:

1) Research
    * governmental and heritage collections will be used in new ways in
      humanities and social science research when new users with expertise in
      their respective disciplines approach them collaboratively, through
      programming. Moreover, the platform will foster new inter-disciplinary
      collaborations, which further enrich these collections and make them more
      accessible and interesting for education.
    * embedded researchers will explore the possibilities the integration of
      online collaboration tools into a living lab

2) Commercial ends
    * promoting the platform at developer conferences will draw companies to
      the platform to scout for talent, find new ideas for applications and new
      solutions to problems, new collaborations with and projects for
      institutions
    * direct involvement of private partners in student projects will advance
      the above mentioned processes

3) Investment
    * these collaborations between students and researchers will result in
      programs that point to the needs of humanities research and the needs of
      knowledge institutions to make collections accessible and presentable.
      These perspectives can be commercialized and lead to collaborations
      between universities and businesses.

4) Society
    * citizens that know how to apply and shape digital tools gain new insights
      on policy and decision making processes from open data sets and provide
      citizen with political agency
    * software applications can solve problems of municipalities in a cost
      effective and citizen involving way

5) policy making
    * this project provides policy makers with a different way for looking at,
      measuring and improving inclusion

6) education
    * the &quot;online first&quot; approach we are developing results in new
      types of humanities courses that give learners and researchers different
      perspectives on their materials of study

7) labs
    * the OverLap provides the blueprint for a living lab for on- and offline
      collaboration that can be put into practice by various groups and in
      various spaces

Exploitation

Apart form the material overarching the project like yearly reports and best
practices, the following materials will be generated and collected in the three
sub-projects:

1) The platform as Interface
   1. code portfolios from coursework
   2. code portfolios from projects with privat partners
   3. best practice

2) The Lab as Interface
    * best practices concerning on- and offline collaborations
    * reports / evaluations of workshops with students
    * models / design for living lab furniture interior design
    * reports on the integration of online platform and offline lab

3 ) Collections as Interfaces
    * digital artworks (visualizations, videos, animations)
    * video documentation of creation of artworks
    * video documentation of the fare
    * visualizations

The material generated and collected shall be open for use and reuse.

Code and the digital tools resulting from students' work and collaborations
with partners will be stored on different repositories on github12. In order to
guarantee the accessiblity and to give the possibility to re-use the code, it
will be stored under the MIT13 license. This license will be attached by
default to every repository create on github by its the users. The users will
be informed about this procedure and the license on the platform.
CtH seeks to clone interesting student profiles into one repository reserved
for this purpose in order to create and present an interesting portfolio.

Documents, like evaluations, reports, presentations or conference papers will
be made accessible and stored on github by the different parties of the
consortium under the Creative Commons &quot;share alike&quot;14 license.

Video and audio material will be stored and made accessible under the same
license on the websites of the parties of the consortium who porduced the
content.

In order to make guarantee the conservation and accessibility of that content
over a long period of time we are going to use services like DANS.15

The project fundamentally builds on open source and knowledge strategies that
encourages sharing and re-use of code, data and other materials. We thus follow
the maxime that all knowledge generated within the project should be freely
accessible, usable and adaptable.

As the consortium follows a non-hierarchical structure as far as possible,
every partner is responsible to make the material and documents he produces in
the realm of the project accessible. The Coding the Humanities documentation
manager controls these processes.


2.2.2 Communication Activities

Describe the proposed communication measures for promoting the project and its
findings during the period of the grant. Measures should be proportionate to
the scale of the project, with clear objectives. They should be tailored to the
needs of various audiences, including groups beyond the project’s own
community. Where relevant, include measures for public/societal engagement on
issues related to the project.

Communication activities

Cross-medial process documentation

What?

    * to display and expose the project through various media and communication
      channels using ressources from public-private-partnership
    * apply creative strategies to the research documentation and medial
      communication of larger research projects combining sub-projects into a
      larger communication framework, which includes on-/offline best
      practices, as this project has a complex structure, uses a variety of
      technology, adresses and includes different audiences
    * to share the knowledge from building the different sub-projects
    * Serving the overall deliverable to make learnings and models available in
      best practices and libraries.

Why?

Science communication is a constituting element of research and learning in
order to bridge the gap between science and society. However, many of the new
medial possiblities, and above all interactive interfaces, aren't strongly
developed yet. The research centers innokom and Stifterverband conclude in
their trend study on science communication, that the step towards &quot;an
open-result-oriented, societally engaged dialogue is overdue. Drivers behind
this development are new formats in interactive media&quot;.16 Until now,
science communication has been communication by the universities' press office,
who pubslished research results with gate keeper principles. Which means that
the results were communicated further depending on whether or not print, tv or
radio would pick up on it.

There can be identified two main reasons for science communication not reaching
beyond an academic public: Either scientists don't have the necessary skill set
in order to act as communicators and media designers, or the media
professionals try to squeeze scientific content into the standardized
storytelling they know from corporate films or TV reports. The newly emerged
field of eLearning and MOOC's possesses great possibilities for the
distribution of knowledge and exchange. However, there are currently few
examples of projects or courses where the promises of moving images are used to
their fullest, and where the different field of expertise of academic teachers,
videographers and students result in products which reflect their research
content in the best possible way.

How?

The project partners's expertise include both media professionals as well as
researchers. A creative consultant specialised in cross-media production
between research projects, univiersities and media professionals will
coordinate the activities, but also train the participants through workshops in
order to better understand each other's communication, start making and
creating media themselves. The bridging element of the media and research
consultant characterizes yet again the idea of inclusion and learning, and
plays an important role both for the internal and external media exposure and
science communications activities. Throughout the project, the partners will
attend workshops in order to reflect on the forms of scientific communication
and built best practices for the variety of comunication activities (see
below).

   1. built a bridge between the concrete implementation of video, learning and
      collecting as one part of the overall platform
   2. cross-medial best practice for science communication; use format of
      Scientific Research - trailer as a point-of-departure; produce video
      sequences which use filmic language and do justice to the respective
      research topic and people who conduct the research

b) Communication activities
All of the private partners are strong communicators and multipliers in their
respective fields. Each of them will use their regular communication channels
to attract attention and maximize exposure. Iteration of all of those
activities in order to build strong cases regarding science communication and
develop further storytelling strategies for researchers.

The curation of the physical lab includes a variety of communication
activities:

   1. every 6 months throughout 3 years: project exhibition of the process
   2. every 3 months throughout 3 years: symposium with workshops and speakers
      / party
   3. monthly: Digital Salon/ Digital Workshop/ Presentations to all Project
      partners
   4. Workshops and Pilots
   5. Grand finale in order to end the four year collaborative research
      partnership with Dark Horse and mark the moment of complete independency
   6. Science slams / Pecha Kucha's
   7. presenting project results at different types of conferences: developer-,
      educational-, heritage-, humanities-oriented (here we need representation
      costs).
We're reaching commercial companies and various kinds of institutions by:

   1. using kickstarter and crowdfunding to finance and promote the exhibition.
      This is also good for societal engagement.
   2. challenging students (a.k.a. researchers or users) to collaborate on
      projects with people outside their courses and universities.
   3. The coding sessions workshops: reaches all kinds of new users.
   4. announcing projects and (hackathon) challenges via Europeana. As a
      massive European portal for thousands of heritage institutions, such
      announcements will reach enormous audiences.
   5. involving other universities in using and developing courses, the project
      is promoted in different countries
   6. exhibitions of the Collections sub-project generates massive media
      attention and a very broad audience.


3. Implementation

3.1 Work plan – Work packages, deliverables and milestones

Please provide the following: brief presentation of the overall structure of
the work plan.

The proposed project is structured into three fields:

1) The Platform as Interface: In this work package an online platform for
learning and research will be conceptualized by offering programming training
to humanities students. It will serve as a forum for a wider user group and
will engender fruitful collaborations in learning new technologies.

2) The Lab as Interface is to be an offline space that complements the online
platform and provides an in-between environment for university partners, in
addition to public and private partners to connect and pool their skills and
perspectives towards innovations.

3) The Collection as Interface will be an exploration of the inclusive
opportunities interfaces and visualization of data holds for knowledge
production.

These three fields will be developed simultaneously, with an emphasis in the
early stages on building the platform.

Inspired by open source culture and software development practices the fields
are going to be explored simulataneously so that insights from one of the
fields can be applied tranfered early on to the other fields.

Table 3.1 a: Work package description
Collections as interfaces: The exhibition would be a combination of on and
offline projects, culminating in a public six week exhibitio in Vienna three
years into the project. We endeavor to involve students from the platform,
partners from the lab space, as well as other private and public partners,
developers, and the general population. This exhibition would consist of
workshops, data events, speakers, art installations, and presentations on
relationships between ITC, art, business, and cultural heritage.


Work package number 3 Start Date or Starting Event Kick-off workshop 10/2014
Work package title  Collections as Interfaces
Participant number
Short name of       Haas
participant
Person/months per   2/12
participant:

Objectives : The objective is to build a network that bridges ICT to art that
culminates in the first World Coding Fair, participate in the Fair both as the
primary organizer and as a participant.


Description of work (where appropriate, broken down into tasks), lead partner
and role of participants
CastYourArt will use their network of electronic media, art, and museums to
bring in new participants to the pilot fair in July 2015 and the complete World
Coding Fair in July 2017. This will take place over time, starting in September
2014 and continuing throughout the process until the pilot Fair in July 2015.

Additionally, they will organize and participate in the World Coding Fair that
will take place in Vienna in 2016, as well as the pilot Fair that will take
place in Amsterdam in 2015. The organization will consist of recruiting
participants (artists, developers, students) to be a part of the pilot Fair, as
well as arranging the venue ( in Vienna). CastYourArt will also promote the
pilot Fair to attract international participants and attendees.

CastYourArt will also make two short films documenting one participating artist
and one participating developer in their process of making their contribution
to the Fair.





Deliverables (brief description and month of delivery)
In October 2014, Wolfgang Haas will present himself and CastYourArt’s work at a 2
day kick-off workshop in Amsterdam that includes students, as well as other
partners. He will connect what they do to the students' research.
The other deliverables will be the films made, as well as a presentation at the
Fair itself.






Work package number 2 Start Date or Starting Event Kick-off Event in
                                                   Amsterdam (2 persons, 5
                                                   days)
Work package title  Lab as Interface
Participant number  6 &amp; 7
Short name of       DH
participant
Person/months per   2/12
participant:


Objectives
Within the proposed project Dark Horse is going to conduct research on and
develop a conceptual framework and design for a physical space that accompanies
and complements the online learning platform.

Description of work (where appropriate, broken down into tasks), lead partner
and role of participants

Their user centered approach and the background in anthropology and interior
design allows Lisa Zoth and Patrick Kenzler to understand and translate the
requirements of such a space into a practical design concept and the according
user culture. They will provide an answer to the crucial question of how online
collaboration and innovative practice can be initiated, accelerated and
fostered through an offline setting. Moreover their research will provide
insights to the students’ needs that cannot be satisfied merely by the
application of ICT but are better addressed with a combination of digital
instruments and offline collaboration and training methods.

Deliverables (brief description and month of delivery)
Deliverables will include new products and services developed in the course of
their work. See section Deliverables and Milestones for details.




Work package number            3 Start Date or Starting Event
Work package title             Collections as Interface
Participant number             9
Short name of participant      WEY
Person/months per participant: 2/12


Objectives
First and foremost this is due to the interfacing options offered as dialog
systems on top of these
datasets. They focus mainly on retrieval and object by object examination. They
offer retrieval for which the user needs to know what he or she wants to
retrieve. A move towards interfaces that are more discovery oriented is
desirable. These discovery environments would offer the user a way to look at
the body of data as a whole in a visual way and while examining the data in
such a way find what there is to discovery, this might well lead to a classic
retrieval scenarios but one in which the user has been able to educate him or
herself about the data with little to no upfront knowledge. That would result
in greater inclusion with regard to all potential users of such datasets.


Description of work
We propose a system that includes a visualization and interface layer that is
exposed to the user via web browser. This vis/ux layer will be fed by the
dataset directly and by an engine performing the necessary operations to do
such things as item matching (image or text similarity). Thirdly we would want
to open up these capabilities not only through our vis/ux layer but also by
means of an API so others can build their own vis/ux layers and for instance
build mobile applications.


Deliverables
To summarize there are three deliverables (detailed description for
Deliverables &amp; Milestones below) :
1. Visualization and interface layer
2. Machine learning capabilities to enable similarity searches
3. API to expose these capabilities to others


Table 3.1 b: List of work packages

    Work       Work        Lead        Lead      Person-    Start  End month
 package No   Package   Participant Participant   Months    Month
               Title        No      Short Name
     1      Platform as                 UvA        1-30
             Interface
     2        Lab as                    DH
             Interface
 3          Collections                 CYA     Haas - 12  09/2014 09/2015
            as
            Interfaces



                                                  Total
                                                months: 12


Table 3.1 c: List of Deliverables

Deliverable Deliverable    Work    Short name          Dissemination  Delivery
 (number)       name      package    of lead    Type       level        date
                          number   participant
    3.1      Organizing      3        Haas       DEC        PU         7/2015
                Fair
    3.2     Presentation     3        Feier      DEC        PU        10/2014
    3.3     Making Films     3        Haas       DEC        PU        10/2015


Table 3.2 a: List of milestones


 Milestone   Milestone name   Related work    Estimated date      Means of
   number                      package(s)                       verification
     1       5 Participants                       4/2015       Participation
                on Board                                          contract
     2            Fair                           02/2015          Written
              participants                                     agreement with
             chosen to film                                     participants
     3       Event of World                      07/2015      Documented event
               Coding Fair





Table 3.2b: Critical risks for implementation

   Description of risk     Work package(s) involved   Proposed risk-mitigation
                                                              measures
   High dropout rate in                1                   Empowering and
         courses                                        collaborative style
                                                       encourages students to
                                                         involve themselves
     No guarantee of                   2               Focus on creating one
deliverables: innovation,                             high-quality product or
     experimentation                                      service per year
 Low level of interest in              3              Begin early to organize
 participation (artists,                             high-quality Fair, network
developers to participate                                   extensively
         in Fair)
 Exclusive to high socio-              3               Develop and implement
     economic people                                   strategies to increase
                                                      audience of lower socio-
                                                          economic people





Table 3.4a: Summary of staff effort
Please indicate the number of person/months over the whole duration of the
planned work, for each work package, for each participant. Identify the work-
package leader for each WP by showing the relevant person-month figure in bold.

Work Package: Platform as Interface
                    WPn            WPn+1         WPn+2       Total Person/
                                                              Months per
                                                              Participant
Participant   1564486/Hoogstad                             12
Number/Short
Name
Participant   /Weyeser                                     12
Number/Short
Name
Participant   /Europeana
Number/Short
Name
Total Person/ 2/12                                         1/12
Months


Work Package: Lab as Interface
                        WPn         WPn+1         WPn+2       Total Person/
                                                               Months per
                                                               Participant
Participant Number/ /DH                                     12
Short Name
Participant Number/                                         12
Short Name
Participant Number/
Short Name
Total Person/Months 2/12                                    1/12



Work Package: Collections as Interface
                        WPn         WPn+1         WPn+2       Total Person/
                                                               Months per
                                                               Participant
Participant Number/ Haas                                    12
Short Name
Participant Number/ Feier                                   12
Short Name
Participant Number/
Short Name
Total Person/Months 2/12                                    1/12



Table 3.4b‘Other direct cost’ items (travel, equipment, infrastructure, goods
and services, large research infrastructure)

Participant Number 6&amp;7 /Dark    Cost (€Justification
Horse
                             Travel 8.400    44 days presents time for
                                             workshops, events, curation and
                                             project-meetings
                          Equipment 8.000    Event equipment
           Other goods and services 32.000   4day Testing of different formats
                                             with user-groups (Materials for
                                             events (12.000) and preparation
                                             (8.000)); external lecturer for
                                             events and workshops, coming from
                                             art, interaction and IT (12.000)
                              Total 48.400


/CYA      Cost   Justification
          (€)
   Travel 5.000  Attend Kick-off workshop with other partners in Amsterdam, travel to
                 network at events and meet with potential participants in the Fair
Equipment 10.000 Film and post-production equipment – 1 work station, 2 film cameras, 2
                 tripods, 2 mobile light sets, 3 software bundles, 3 wireless microphone
                 sets, 2 angles, 2 microphones including windshields, 1 mobile audio
                 recorder, 2 external hard drives, 1 beamer, 1 mixing colsole, speakers,
                 microphone
    Other 20.000 Organization, marketing and distribution, editing film, insurance of
goods and        artworks, installation costs, security, post-Fair wrap-up costs
 services
    Total 35.000

/Europeana                         Cost (€Justification

                            Travel 5.000    Travel for conferences and meetings
                         Equipment 0.00
          Other goods and services 15.000   Organizational activities
                             Total 35.000

Participant Number/Weyeser         Cost (€Justification

                            Travel 5.000    Travel for conferences and meetings
                         Equipment 0.00
          Other goods and services 15.000   Organizational activities
                             Total 35.000

Participant Number/Europeana       Cost (€Justification

                            Travel 5.000    Travel for conferences and meetings
                         Equipment 0.00
          Other goods and services 15.000   Organizational activities
                             Total 35.000


[data:image/
png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAjAAAAHlCAIAAABkiFE5AACxoUlEQVR4nOydBzxV7R/
An3u5toSszIyUjEpmRsgoNFVaCqGlVEaZkYhUEslKpBLtPd4Gpfxpq7TTUEaSva57/
3cYd5xrFLn0fD/v5+2ec57nnOd3zuP8zv6yAggEAoFABho8Hs9K/
megWwKBDAwoFGqI9X8YETMzlGLpWwhrhvB/
1oFuBgQCgUAgRMgJCfv92r7YBxLL3efJsnVRuIfFmp77j1OJULlaetqMl3J8fe4qWZ0Mi+zPh/
S5f6uxrV/jtSRd2NJKcxYLo3perYfNhkAgkL9EQ2Gyf3D6zbs5jz7XgfHRRflrpCnPDnA1z4/
vDIvPvJLz6kcL4JbWs/WI2LlKix/d8yXU3loobvwi8P0jN1nWnvzu8xB/
h46EtGdbnLaha7cJqSfFmI1B2mwIBDJUwdc9S024Uqyka2FQczKbfnrLx2P+4f8JzbXf7qYk2PD8RMSutZML6guyPcay93QRaG7JseOaBNm6OnbvSZm/
CnOkRQgEAvmHQI2Yf6NyARqF+56sczK7mW46ZpTz1eKtsoIY8uDSGTJ68q6Rsc/WRmlw9nARXJrhuc/
7oMxfhZiQclZI6iX9AODL1GGkRCnklFMULXFzu5vvgQtPy1rAMHnjpd57fBWiVPSpiq24dl7rfEj8+TtPiyqbAae4xqx1YZEbjYS7XmJreVaYzebw0wU/
cfzKcz2iYj3V861HWH4IKHzmM4Z8BoP9FKMhs5bn+I8sqx/HvJy9E7M/
N3JKGThs85cn3w7E179K83D2SbrzpYlTeorTdn/Z3cZu7GmlOQvZHx/
08dp55OabXzhW4fGz3SJCdY9pT6GNLl6Xq9/
WKAQCgXQLCt3lqQuvtCzFIEZMS2ckiCuqaAGAmJCqL00fYfkj8taaZ1s2J+WWsEhbeKekeWuUHdngsDk5twRITN2SmqAfr2bazeU46kt2+OqnSR5rt6Xd/
VyP4leydg2P8bWUwJCWVR5+ftnjwG1HH5Rh+dWW7kiLdVLm7o/TKmJLJ4XdO4c3mHFsfOr/
YiZzAxSGF3PTRcP6ULOJZ+x5M/
HavGRvbwfNZztv3z6Hn0pZjO15WJqsjc8iP2lhzvoPWcnbvEyngef313e1wJ+nVyx7NX9r8n9KqNcnt23wNjHH3/
VFLoorO7fCYMkxzIygown6AmU3IjfbZJQCoNFaetbRyC6dxyb0+EEd/
vI7+33nHftMGI+vfRBoph30ZoLT9mNRarzldw54eU+dtu7C1bN4y5mdzeYb2dNDDAgEAmECsCV5OcVAeqU0B8XIpyFLdhmsCc/
YVHczbH3AzEUVRkVZPA47j2+surbdLWjeJh/NXj3Oh/
100EbX6ba8487MubJ192M9g6z0K7Oe7B1PnPjAb42YX+KdL2osBfuXWLvMHaXzLFClx1cPew4xIbELSorzYwAL70gZWVleAFpeh007VCLtnnc2TIP49IGJiRbfF4U1ITGfTotQFCMgGZEyrX1ORlPN1bFjJ8QkPXdZ1tUS8brR5/
cvEEUTahhqi5XIz9qx9eY4pBXX8vagz7EfCn5PjvupETfDFD3FxnGaEaD5XbJPeoVy6N0jm0lnVIYGylhV1cBy7Jej64Ofiq66fSPGkI+YvI2NJ7BMUA7a/
dhcjbrZEAgEMmhoLT6xyecBl0Xq8tGUd8FbZfzPpzoTn4WYrvj1kur2A1XJ708sl2ABYJrsx4uTYo4WtAD+Hi+k4cmegOs487TLcYtHEmdhotysPGmnzymvcyKEqdxGkQc9TEcQ9quiHuGLog0yLxb5qihi+jxUhHM5fOWjiy+BtMcilfZn4TDSs5011tjfvf7Bkrpk/
dtTod7haTeeEK/ZkUE/+tLYVUJi0bGfKtL2qAhaaIqDAcfJrGvvsECQrmTlo0tvgJzf/
DHtBwXcKgttpCJ2/
Xp06T1Q3Daz4wkF9tFzbEYFhlTlHX+HE3d10ORrP5Vkl58xe5RfzKVXCt2vCAgEAmE+8LUPQ2fbneZYlJm0iJhsOlGymSpO3oGzS0yUBIBvnrEYuQC7lLokaLxfAXqekLAl928Xo7V3m7fNAnCNW2AjFbb/
YmG9A2FIwXwif9t+lU1EUQRc/Ei8evhXElJrXXkVHvBL8ndOQ/
OICXOANyXVrRTlcBWXnHVtjgku2h4dZDBGjI8DfEubZxba1IDt6kSRV1SQvfPaI4ZffBioKakBCAmprqwKAHEZgc6gMYKjBAAoIY6XEufrbB4rn/
hwAL5/
r8CB73s1uPZSzwclRtVsCAQCGSQ0vU20NfF7rrMrL8FmJAv1NE4+zvanwNGsLCiKYRQLhlAWj+3FglprS2sAz5gRHB17Z9bhEvyAkAxIc2Hj6nwSD01YVmsLrl9e70VISCw8QoRzjM9fKrFApm0yrvZ7WSMYJjqMco3U5sed/
CG96VrS5gnkc5jGZmxjtwusKalowgOetuBafhZXA15p/
prX+FZcRxl8cx3hhItHmI+wkIo6QjZpW82tdRV1hBMl4viqb4T1NLLtHAlbVVxFLE/
ISmzrzp91kaVK3GjWH/FTA3u2OiAQCIRJwH475WLkfEnc49YZN+V+fg6LhVeEF9SWVjR27J2xv4p/
AW55vr/6JDZ5YSgMBwY01zaRch5quLrVOOB1/GiB/
wTSPSTQ8ul0fD7gX2SmOPxcRzHQ2ljfArgEuduTVMOrEyc/
AyDZ9QJb7yddL5llSzovxJXdTMpq5DVYMu2J36lX35uAEinD4H787+o7ACZMtFQ6s/
tsdslGBUnSMrDFN86/BUB94rSxFyPTz33wGEt+Kq/
p7emTHwDQ0JyncSHoWj4u1EqJauM1FXB1RgeBQCDMD+7n7c2mc1Pwdieuhxj25oXY34NVRMdIAhd38FrJnEWkvXNDYeaJTywTAsb+1SeSyQmJbaS6InvzvZi487z6wuycwgtCl0daR5hbg7B1U0fWPTjk53uf1SDKz1jxOUUxjMB0TdZNUcHHrffZyrcUHPWwjSzuwRLR/
1trtbLMdwHpKbtNp2snbA9dbZqckBzlHrw4w1NvWElWzDr3+4QzJIyC/
faFybPdloXJpmzQFyi9EW4X8JjYWHkHH9vDczZPWwLCXchP2e37yUp8cn95pP95nUA9/
c8+rrMmSbDVlX5+lXv5epPrwWmU0YmOU5Hm7vftC4FAIAzBVRdev/LkJ7byfinhWDvv7HEBIQy/
wogsV8eL41PvxWqXJ86fvuulwLTAKc1ZmcfIdTCiulZGVA/a9SGc4922msatWD5tVYX/
HNm63AOeoR9kXJPnjGTJ6Z8FItJ2hiQ4bc/
+5Ut8fGYYtJDf1InLPSe13jd29ewILBgmZ7Q66fQOewV2lCRVsds5pzxXr3MaN3wp4BllaOeTGRRt6dXNAgVmJR5WPuLpaPa8Es+nNHv7jQNeKgLooAvxlfY+M0aH49gl9OwDkgIqrDYDtPCMxDupHs7eFlI+zRgR9fme8dvr5m0GLCIzk+6k8Dt7+8/
PbOaQ1HcISl2/
yzKIj19QIyDricI27537Vh4qaQKYYSMVtcwXrFEQN6eJDr6HBIFABhLs10zXBQFv24ZS1y9JBUB2faTqy6JvYwAKNH+997iBcJpyOcDhcmclrUPf7y0T7aejaVZp+xP3Wt3XBnvOTWgEw8da+13Y72vAh6run8UxaETbvxyKDsn5DskUU6wDT1vT3XmhK2Z43TqMYroj3pP07zt8EP2yuLRjS/
CxxF+zp9HkLR4Vp+QHThTzXYEnlxBcGpO9NKZz/Ma28cJ2++/Y7SePay1OMXMBo+0UOAEKo7w4/
NzicLpl00YHgUAgAwebkv8bvD/
1uOYXW5Wj5Ve6aXADDv1DFfhDDGsPm36pmfIWBN+MG1QPGQjYZFN9U5zH6FgVvpvfAKCHjXeOv+sc3/
WyMPLuz/HuXQb3+wzKTwfhKv4LDLonrqcxWoyroeju4e3+N9lnHF0s2/
cPIUIgEMjfobU891qVccBq5X66KDcYGJQJCcXKCd6f2Jq49Xs9HrAIjDFxTT0RbEv7UCQEAoEMHljEHe+VOg50KwaWwZmQ+CYHXngGn+SGQCCQocSgTEgQCAQCGXoQExLZHQuB/
JsMvf4PI2JmhlIsfQ4xIbU53rE/
7if4B+zLuFVYgQU8UtrWTt7Bm6xkOft+7XWrLGzIXyevue9bxzDHyEmzXHdEupuI9OyMruHhxtGTzi579jK4Fx+kbf6QEZH6c6qbs+Zw+JbSPwNh74DHD6lXpmFEzMxQiqVvIefp9h089kv6cp2FR8rHLfCM8lUTbHx/
KyXCb8aZaztyLnlO4BmQjI5W9zvsO5EL31pf+vTMruAtpu/
ZX+dsUOi3R+maPmSEBL7ns18BExIEAoEMAOSE1Po1zcH+SJnOzkc33JXJtqD5dnamy9Xmbp4XbFqwY+JvGoTw2IZGwMn5ezeq2CX1rGeZkYQRc+fqtj5UCzlyq3SdggR8mA4CgUCGIqRc0fzucPh/
jdLu0WuUOzMPq9jMsHD9dPswda4wlskHP2XZi7elgsYnm8dOOKBz7e2Ophg3n/
3nn5Vj2cR17AJid69Q460h6QV3nFz4cHtYxqOykU5RLq1n0i7eLyxtAFxSekv8YyIcZBGb0hUs3CO4CfmtJFkLFSJ+pfSs+TDS6IY8VzmtqytfPPcfU5uzy9k5+OTLai5Zs/
Vha1raKraW397htDLs7OsabrlpGyNWV7paX1r27Inzp13ULbf96SxherIOgLUymLWEepKbHr6JmPgPvw8AgUAgfxvSPaTKBxcLgbDz7DHUJ0IsosYLVcGd58I8LfcTr3y3cySfnDQWHk0v4p8eWu6htTiFc25gUrDW8NLrERud9Uu5C09bEYs88Fk9zDPu6psJ3L9eX4rP1HYJWyUvxtP08Va8/
wqTevGH9j1pGr6lvra2FoXHNZY/y/TZWcCitdtIJD0AqWjLx0QbE8/
cCevjzlmOLLsSvnb5s1Ki0KLl/f7ZZr4Fuh4Hd5mJ/
Li5d5193lcwvPyCs5Z3OnXLuR4n5KZWTrT75JV9zk6cBcXGL94POkQIBAKBMISYkFoqPpQDIDJGhI1mIgu/
rBQnKJSdrfLzSOLlb8udiF/dbnx5JP2TgJl7/
lbXCoP4t+lORGMhMNOXKlMw35rwykyTOFft8MP+M0lvqkqtjzXtmKHFVLkvMjMjs2cN70HTGi/
OHtlpeJVbnnFijfz1dKSSDU/
3Bt3CzDx5dvccYTQAJjoiX+WsMwjjH0eG5vAsvHQqbJoAijB+smSJgklyUbx3EYa25YGHf9zX42EBHEJSo2Sl4cPwEAgE8tfpwa4XLWK6Qi99TeKlYgcXKZaGF2nHv4ywsmq8fRxoBsyQapsBil9rvhZ72n9Pf2kQhhQtdYXaru/
hKvPitnhHncp5Vd4uS1J8XjquB01j0Qk/F6rJDXAt1Z/
vpwYG2JoJpDsjPZ9Cch1idKONhMkPI6AF9ZcbcmY8x5bkZn9n112sK0B+KAPFp7HQkDP5RAMAms4ILZ/
cg0ZBIBAIpJ8g7pUxgrJCALx9VdoM5KgSVGvlh88NQGi00rTx+qxLki59dVwp/
PxwxlehmUvlqlYC8GiJKHoJ1exUymqJdlZuQS5yPsJ+SZlnuPqJvlfYiXg1CQGu1hehFgtyGlp68twjm4iavqEh+RxpqtmERiW1EI8MMQDEaAuSXId86iM6T/
DYBKX4wfPWmrJawCtCpZYV5SKcOAGQw6jlEAgEAhkgSC/
G8qtbjgXeV8+8atClfJ6uteRm+jPAN99MQUrFyRCzKOni18WTDmcWC8+21xB7zAtY9fffPWDISzE3NKeYUOE14i/
yOQm+IvvgTazR0bRQW2HSmJrvTQ2/
1U52iYkSAGQXfAd4XKdaFtdc30JU3IrwgvqfdZ0JhayWZeEV5gE1pVWdIl9sVUkd6Yf+/ly6lgu/v/
tbTYNAIBBIX0A6e2CTX+JpEmgfuXa/3Y1N7Q/atX4/
5+WZ3Sq32X3yMDS7sdMUtgVJxy88PfFNdO7yCXxivFZy2Kj/
vgq6zBWhemunupBiAI9tbMJjBIe3edrx1Q/Ts2oB92+0s/59zkcAxDVVym9+/VCJBcOIDW/
+cuf+D0IMotpTxOszL7ysM9cmzbvh9aWcKsBKGG8g1nTkWG7ldHN+FHHxD45nk68bPkVoee0noja3DoplIRAIZEAgX85ilVycnHxde5H7RPX/
ua+2VhNofH87dXfC3Xq90Ks+E4gZSsjIaQr7PL81T1rEVi1T4wLsyusi7Q9az5s8z8driZ4Me823909vXX5nuD9GhGLu6BHaVmMaQoNj7qlvmoR6nrre/
kgF6GlCavpy9/
yZei5CVqv5cv9I6J4vbPr7QtffmmoT4pduEGElVHo9fMXONwDIAs7x63wM4lwdthif224lVn7Zf0XsZ9L4Ceu36Mats50nvc/
TXOTHjcgtpwn5aNTKUJ1zW+hbnmyoIQ2OHkk4pTlHhptbfJyKBBf8xAcEAoH8Ndrvr2AkF6Y8kZ4csHVf3IbMn1jALallHXRuu3v7p4NQI6Y4G3Ncvdwovm6ZKlG3ihayinvw3xhP32i3OcH1gI1fRm3K3NXqgixfKWfPruR+KvHjYs/
Jwt6Ae5Sx09ZUF9/5l2kbgQzu4bbFs8k/UXxyhs6x4WHOGrzzT/
oucVqhKtLEIWW0KjjW3ss2i9B6WedTV6tWuNgp7KvFiGkv993vHLLsP6JKavWZq9UrVoYuNQ/
hkDJ2DTsgsn7BQ8X5iQ801Ohazi5jF73t2vIdtkYR8D0kCAQC+etQPMTAKqS7ev+11fuRC6JGzLnUQH01CyNm4nmY8B91QVUqvSCKa6xj8iNHClnrMtLUvevbBqmVhW1wakQV46MQ2yFsuu1a0bbO4aULyP8KGmw+Xbi5c/
xqO/K/QkY+Z1/7kH83F4aML+PXmCDCKSaL0HIA9HwvvvNFXCwEAoFA+pkh/sZN8/u0wEO/
VCerSg1r+ngzzsevUNH7iObv3MSCQCAQSP8yxBMSCoP5eXuXS2hRVSvhDFDFyv9itO+E3/
wwHwQCgUD6kyGekDBSC2LvLIgd6GZAIBAIpFuGeEKCQCAQyGABJiQIBAKBMAVQYQ751xl6/
R9GxMwMpVj6HAqFORW/
4fOmqYLoJv8juhSTQwE55HdoV0rja54mblgZcDj3ezOPvPmaiLjAmcIfkv2D02/
ezXn0uQ6Mjy7KX0P3GXiEWtLtfbP162HL0XZXGxQCXzz3V2r/
0CKu5vnxnWHxmVdyXv1oAdzSerYeETtXafGje9gAXOnhyaJ2uZSNUIv6+MBVpqNpQ0+SPZQiGkqx9C3UCnNafsPnTVMFzS05dlyTINtfOhqAAnLI79P6LWOZofOFUS67M6YNf52yxW+WSUvOf5qpCVeKlXQtDGpOZve01r0nu3R4CNNwFde2eNzGoAHNtxtbPh7zD/
9PaK79djclwYbnJyJ2rZ1cUF9wa/Gz3jRAxSNpS/
vToqxCmsLQogwZGvTZPSQ8tqEBSzmCSzM893lfzR0C6UeaXsb6nK7TTzgXs4Ko/DIdWzNu0h6/nE/
XKytYUbjvyTons5t7WMv3rMf1xaLo2rzta8/
K+wcq+G4spaqEGeV8tXirrCCGPLh0hoyevGtkZHrpjV40gE3SyGbhtGH9t0IgkIGBnJBwv/
Ji1q0Nzcj/
3kTIJGKymO8fqojjO3zeefdmZAcEJlGbyGXuWHbYyo8+KiPPsKNKVlyx9fS2S3bVJK95+PlljwO3HX1QhuVXW7ojLdZJmRuFrBhvvyiH+4kkJm/
9kb3Li6oxYZbXp82kFZArl10IoTOsw6u3EDpavlw78x5o+luKk880uMbZzpMOjzr2qHaxJWOVJKNaD6sXT/
0evSoOsy7HXnYT7Yc/
0LzSshSDGDEtnZEg+s6xzN41AI9rbmhEc3Cwwg4NGUqQElLNnY2W686M84g+ay7HXv35xZ1r71X1369a1enzFmo4fYiF1kSebws6bOXvxzY8SndfHPBzS3sVvjerqRf1wG+NmF/
inS9qLAX7l1i7zB2l88yXK55eMS7QXoGRmLz117sP1I2Z8fPwpZRfU5d1Nlis+oKzljW9YX2ROLy6AaGh6XP+ZyCyaDRf+8VedslJUqDp/
bPSZsvhtBrl7msVv/
3uGlJqe8pdjQvxSh8l2JK8nGIgOrqsrFBkeo8b0HzJip+deCNiuPIc9z0xXlNF4dOykCEBSWFe9jC/
QnTJjq0rtImfTQXms5eBmv9s1lL5vB1i4jsqtZvIzVGUtnIhXTEMqO+oUvuWZlHcRpEHPUxHEOqIeoQvijbIvFhoVoygGG8vz0hMDtjk6RuT9mEeN4WAvOn51o0pSIZ1m63jGO5hIP8o2JryWsAjxNNxrIJi5xPgBB/
LarpyNjKo9f5F+qYrj/
Si0oyGo2q7WXBr8YlNPg+4LKLmNrjdqutRA1AYEV27jTZTtEcLo0v+dyw82Ne04Nf9R+HaPPBcCTL4IRljhSeoC5QkuayS8FhiZaKnLMZJ/
1gAsolcgspW3g0K5hP52/5o2EQURcDFty/uPKBTjPMkPyKXYSQmZ9iY0Z2Lai29e/4tsmE9YJww/
MuF9Bd48O1I8Df1na9sRnb3V4GvfRg62+40x6LMpEWYpW49XABKwGxXilnbgOXsmRNtFWfv9b/
keXW+EOzXkEEPaYfNaxj1XyKPR1jo0lQfAIapLgyM36FEWaoLE3mHrbxb2Lg6n7hDs6BAa2NVKb1ivONOLSMxeU+06Niq4iqGhnVheHkDQgUrUS38orzzdATfVPWzAfAI83bVtZFqlZAOkJYF2wrXVVbWgepaQq9sbaiq/
FUrwMeDocwYTW8TbU38nuvsykuwGYm7+TsNIIAWNlquz5H5MKeocb4Q/EYjZNBD3jmjh413jL7uuK/
5R2FWZuRG1w3WuAD1zkJdm8h/
+8AMUTFe3TGVgZi8J1p0Fl4RBoZ1SZiNILSwS02SAulP31ThdLhIp+NNX/I/
AQ5VVZGuLu8i1SJfpk6ZJplCUXCHrugOnbTSnMUd5+bYb6dcjJwviXvcOuOmzAVAy281gAS+FYuDr1pChgpU+2cU2wgl01VhQSeS5hR8bGLp8Hn3zESOYu2lAhxRMV4LeDqmIorJGTSGaumsYgYMDOsQCB0YSbNZciA04fyXxc7EW471z49mfsbohqh3+WA1Uq2fQHRlWkpHn6vL2Thra/
mShIOO6h2XqwHu5+3NpnNT8HYnrocY8qN72QBcSysa03HehP16Pjarmd3QQAa6JCFDAWJCanyy1Wrjx8k25uoKIzmrHh/
xu41T3DzH4mLq5naf9whVyzENO7oxkXNIUSnApbtPTMiKcV40+U+XgZicgRadtPSTHUsf64psWD9sLwPPkSA0sCut3j4rynaN9cr6LdP436R6R3yS3XjMmuv11YwnP7GV90sJu/
68s8cFhDB8I74Fmm+o9H1WEKSCWOvezsU6PO3zraoXQoFGBV2j0f8zYp9YQaw15lvi/
Om7XgpMC5zSnJV5jFwOI6rl0LMGtBalB6XUT5ltrDpKiKUsPyMqPrtexT/
YYgQ8RYIMBYh7Z1bhSZp8l9P8M4IqGgGLoJKF1+lof2u+aduyOnzeD56cSizqxkTOSq0Az4rrfunIinGBtrtSDMTkyFp00tKzKAXkyIb1Pl+DkCEAi9i8lKyqDSsDPBcltXDLmXmejg/
S4Xgf5LogoP1h0dT1S1IBkLF3G4YHrTjGtXgQF4BvbavV/PXe4wbC6f7lAAeKPyCtQ9/
vpmTF9aAB7MoWBmzXY/2TqrCAhX/
0lFUHQkOcJnL125qBQP4mpIQ00irktFUI7SQan7c6kol8H4U0HKD5aap0uMmHTafymhMSkftzvDvpJzeSYrz9JIaFkZgcUYsOxlMLyBEN6xAIEuhh452Tcp2TKMcp+b/
B+9MXPbiny1oU8M24gSN3TaU8vAN5nP6hCvwhxNKiPW0ABDJUGeDrV1AxDoFAIBAyA5yQoGIcAoFAIGQGOCFBxTgEAoFAyMBHziAQCATCFEBjLORfZ+j1fxgRMzOUYulzGBlje0eXLtduC0DZK2TAIBk8W76c9FwZcjr3ZdHPRoAaPtpk6ZZd25ep8oIuhLAkkIyxbHUvD3utDkjOKqpnFZ5o47k32k2v83WDPzTGgg+RE+U2FNAEwb/
09pdUQ26KiIaUk3QoRTSUYulbujbG/
k2g7BUysGAr337AjZnptkxFmg9bfP9IxD573Q+Yl7GsboyEsCSQjLF3Lmns0l12Rmhh2NG9CnU50R7uRpb4giz3MW2J7A+NsSwiVrsyRH50fG2r7lGYc8RbvbnK8E0kyFCAGRISBDKwcKhuPtP5muqypcbso7WjIvdvq2AkhCWVQzLGhttY8ZZWqUXkp2xSwABgbSxbrmASvDXLKd2Mj1TpD42xKG5503nyHU2tvnFxDZ7HwsVAAF4FggwFOhJS82cEv2oNQ9MrssuVAih7hQxWMIKSwwH4cvVMKdDciiCEJVtckYyxUuE739YAWWszKXLCQfGp22iyJ/
+XXlBnpke6pNZHxlgyv+7Hn6/ks3TR44d/
HJAhQZvCvBzZr2pFnIhkeuVJQXS5dgBlr5BBR2tjXUNLS23xg6NeYS9GWK0dfitaRJWxxRXZGAs+A4Dn6DRNoDEcrKCi4NUvnB43wgXp3zPGksFX5sRdquaf6aTN1zcrAAIZaEgJqellDLJf1UwTIJpeLUqQXa7tQNkrZNBRfW2u0PRLpCtj/
OaR2XEy6yWju9LIIhljyQdlH+8U/MKNIYklmz/nPCWc/teW1WAJvZ92kb9hjO0E/
zM77mrtiAVOWl1+lBwCGUQQd/ld+FU1AKLpNfshA5crGSh7hQw+uLV33rrtXlf1OS8jfKub4cJZ/
Ljez4STcDQGwFXXtQkyUYsV6u9GOIa9I4xGoekf9f09Y2xn9R+3D1yvF7ZznIT8OVcIZBBC3Ot36VdFMr1WlyC7XNuBslfI4IOFX0nXkChKNrUyl6sYtfDMTwBEurC4MvDMjvE761bk5bpSM3MlYZy4tZfr2LBoQven6bp/
aozFld04cLNRzMlhAvzyI2ToQPwzYexXFSq8hlCHkcu12wJQ9goZDKD5lTUlwBXCqU1pFxZXRp5ZLQOXoJf2ez68/
trML6vAk7NIKkxuvtpwyjOkPzfG4kqvx91ulnBdrgqf94YMIUj6CYZ+1epCxDoMXK7dFoCyVwhTgmvFoVk6O1vzl5tX3gNh02mY69cYW1y70ryi2ATlVAQBaCzcHXimTn3H4tGdmeXPjLFkWr9ficvGSrsvVYZfIoYMJUhZhF15HbJfNUYEsRIDl2u3BaDsFcKMNDz2NV75cryZ9lgZEY6a93fSY9LyOabG7T/
A56FCY3E9onF5MtqhgrEx9qjhC3fbAB6N8VK8TR+zUiKPvhgfnOfMnabTVusPjbEYflVzs3E8xRfj7uJkfZYoQXM5ZEhB3sWjhayQ/
apfkWsxcLl2WwDKXiFMCEbc0ELh7pH4oAM/GgkHSBLqZluOh/rMk+fG0wthMUdauzTG6vI/
u1F7N8o7/kcz4JUztk/
KC1k+nqvkUV8ZY2V9nr3cynsh4X9gdOAiReQPdUEgg5WOcw4Mol9VlbHplYHLtR0oe4UMFlhFLQKOWgTQT0AhCGEdOtyvANkYq+F34YUfzYxGOvStMXZ1Pn41ciwQyGAGXgSDQCAQCFMAExIEAoFAmAKYkCAQCATCFMCEBIFAIBCmACYkCAQCgTAFUGEO+dcZev0fRsTMDKVY+py+UZhDIIOUoaeUhhExM0Mplr6FeRTmEAgEAoHAhASBQCAQ5gAmJAgEAoEwBTAhQSAQCIQpgAkJAoFAIEwBTEgQCAQCYQpgQoJAIBAIUwATEgQCgUCYApiQIBAIBMIUwIQEgUAgEKYAJiQIBAKBMAUwIUEgEAiEKYAJCQKBQCBMAUxIEAgEAmEKYEKCQCAQCFMAExIEAoFAmAKYkCAQCATCFECFOeRfZ+j1fxgRMzOUYulzoMIc8k/
Tb0rp5g8ZEak/
p7o5aw5HEwarL00fYVkR9+2+vRi6H5ZGQb9F9PdCoIEUUX3+OnnNfd9+eyYaScW5DiP/
bsMRaN86NN2DET0pVntrobjxi8D3j9xkB/MFL6gwh0D6j6YPGSGB7/
nsV3S9x4H0BtR4r0RPNU7S78ZPd/6HVTeQ40KBls/
pGzafE9qQGKDBBUBDvpvjnjIVr6QtbSWJYER0BJhpO/Swe/xzvQgmJAgE0u/gsQ2NgJPzD/
c3HDLG8xaa8bYNLbRv+9FU8CJw83nxKTYLZ/
AREpL8fb89iXKUJSGDBZiQIBDSxagfkbfWPNuyOSm3hEXawjslzVuj7MgGh83JuSVAYuqW1GP+U9ieJ3ms3ZZ293M9il/
J2jU8xtdSAkOqWx5+ftnjwG1HH5Rh+dWW7kjbKb99tOnJOgDWymDWEhYguelWJHFBTR9Pbly0af/
tL02kYrFOypxVeTHr1oZm5H9vAoBLTNVsY9oxdxWOPomItlWxTkrVh3RGrha9UnrWfBipXEOeq5zW1ZUv7k1yH9ndGoibRKiAry1IdJzpl5JfhhLVWRGevHuJIicKNH++EOLms/
/8s3Ism7iOXUDs7hVqvDWkNuw4ufDh9rCMR2WSW54Uhqix/2lkQ4HaWwslqLvHwzc75V/
T9i7Dt3Y0xfLuzcgOCEy6eL+wtAFwSekt8Y+JcJAd6HD6EpiQIBAST0OW7DJYE56xqe5m2PqAmYsqjIqyeBx2Ht9YdW27W9C89dLeZa6bsuQdd2bOla27H+sZZKVfmfVk73hi3Qd+a8T8Eu98UWMp2L/
E2mWuTN7N3NTKiXafvLLP2YmzoNj4eZ8uJi5iwVatFYFH1rG8OOQV4DJ3lE6O8R7LdWfGeUSfNZdjr/
784m52VX1rX0VE26pROk9W/sEa2LRREQ8eBy3aZeIZfSkY/
eyQl4edUYvoi7jxOc5a1imccwOTgrWGl16P2OisX8pdeNqK1Aaf1cM8466+mcBd3yqK+dOI8M01vyorsaTfKDQ7Dx8Xox0YZUliYVbOYbwczHLVi1tnH033ECk5OEvX6TZ177qdG0VTTKjh9CEWbZewVfJiPE0fb8X7rzCpF39o3/
0SBw0wIUEgJFpl/M+nOksT/
iKmK369pLr9QFXy+xPLJVgAmCb78eKkXY6bAId52uW4xSOJo0yUm5Un7fQ55XVOhFCX2yjyoIfpCBQAoh7hi6INTtyodZvEwwI4hKRGyRJnCaqfEf7XIuF98dgqGcLwnCmCT6SsMs/
kceVXiC7ZsXWFNhexDeazl/VhRLStyrxY5Cjy+2tg39ECLMAKbzyT6jmWDQCzKSr4F4pe/
kfmTo1KqTCIf5vuRIrUTF+qTMF8a8IrM03CEKt2+GH/
mcRV1hc0XrKREmgf4Jp9reSUKYOrclQlCcj6PHsZrMIk52cojhESYpTdo+GBW8B1HG3v8r3kdV6SqhcB4BAT3zEbi6lyX2RmRmbPGj5QgfQ9MCFBICSUbKaKk/
8c2CUmSgLAN89YjLwfZZdSFwPgCwDaDuZtowDXuAU2UmH7LxbWOxCGFMwn8rc9y8smoigCLn6saJlEv4hx880lyItA8chrSICcryzK6gIlSS6rJDyWWJnoKYtx9uVBPFKrukpIXa4BSdB8r4Ywz/
kz5dja5iljvWCMZ2ByQsVboBkwQ6ptX4Li15qvxZ7239NfGoQhRUtdoT7KRgRYtENObdPgIi+HXWwiV49KEgd55WTZ+qwZfQ225P7tYrT2boTeRXNKi6vMi9viHXUq51V5Y9soxeel4/
5qa/
sVmJAgEBKcfB3ZAM3KgqIYRrG0XWsSGcHR8QoJ63AJflBXXkW6KsTGxdYxAU2o29qCQ3rwmmIRgAXDQijGbRD1XyKPR1jo0lQfAIapLgyMj1mnxd83aamHrUJqHv0aaNtV8o3k68gvrIQB0PzqRTkAb5eIopdQzUylrJZ47ZFbkKvv8hFgE1U3mjq1J48q9LwkE9BaW1oDeMYw6l0dYL+kzDNc/
UTfK+xEvJqEAFfri1CLBTkNLUPotR2YkCCQ7iHvVEsrGvGAh7zXwP4q/gW45fn+8C8IPWy8Y/
R1x33NPwqzMiM3um6w5p70MUGP+08bjAwKTUgseByuYwSuub6lV3Oo+lbVCiTIqwNLGACYUYqCTz6o7L97wJBy94/
mFBMqvEZa5p83e6jDwivCC2q77V34iuyDN7FGR9NCbYVJxWq+NzUMQHP7E5iQIJDuIf+d/O/
gtZI5i0jXVRoKM098YpkQMJbRVSMUKwcGNNc19ezoFcU2Qsl0VVjQiaQ5z95W4fS4++f+O4pLVJyn6d2HSiwYRgyp+cud+z96NYe3mefebxlHvIcEmovOH3+FUo9yNtp7Pua/
r4Iuc0WoWl1d2IctH2pQdQ9WER0jCVwcQu/ipiyGxzY24TGCw9tOpPDVD9OzakE/
HbsMEDAhQSA9QnrapLLLy6etqvCfI1uXe8Az9IOMa/
KckSw5yMU5pDSkwdEjCac058hwc4tLIiamxidbp/qXTbYxV1cYyVn1+IjfbZyi7yTB/
nsajGfCUjPemSF+6QYRVkKl18NX7HwDQG+eG2Yp3TV7GWuww3jUs0Nens9E7K8stpg4yj7Fet7keT5eS/
Rk2Gu+vX966/I7w/0xXd2v6m8ai25mHqvofDGWhU/
ZzEKFed4upekeiuu3msatoO9d3BWUxUaoWo5p2BEcc0990yTU89T19kcqAExIEMi/
iLT9iTOztq8N9pyb0AiGj7X2u7Df14APVc2gOKuMXfS2a8t32BpFdL6HRFdIeJIm3+40/
4ygikbAIqhk4XU62rs/nwVDCVrGnvRd4rRCVaSJQ8poVXCsvZdtVi9mMNH/
iP2DLSvNPStQwlpOyecjzQRYUVZxD/4b4+kb7TYnuB6w8cuoTZm7Wl2Q5Wu/
hdE9+CdhjosoRxDf9YmY+McvePUVNN3j4ZvwE/
da3el6F+ClKvbgyanEosWek4W9AfcoY6etqS6+8y8PdCh9CkxIEMiw6ZeaKc9g+GbcoLr9L2CT3fZ1uPi7zvFUVenqYuTdn+PdST/
1fC++8+2cwqDY/AUhfx4BLV20itt027WibZ2Tli4g/dPTNUDEfFUK9eIwYiaehwn/
UY9VpZ7nn8GpEVWMj0Kexq4S/B4f3JOSzAOan6Z7gPHO9L2Lvph68iPH5M7BZaQ1vHd9/
zX07wITEgQCgUCYApiQIBAIBMIUwIQEgUAgEKYAJiQIBAKBMAXQGAv51xl6/
R9GxMwMpVj6HLIxlmRjTNS8Wnr6twwif6IsbKAWQbILyo3Xm754rbuTiRRHX2y3IaJThPQT/
eZXZQT2y0nPlSGnc18W/
WwEqOGjTZZu2bV9mSovqHmauGFlwOHc78088uZrIuICZ0pTPf+NRyqAMFKG4y9HhEBDYbJ/
cPrNuzmPPteB8dFF+Wukaf/
6ehoOYSX89W1ESx+GwwxbhxKk0HClhyeL2uVSFlOLent65P61CP2WYieNr3t52Gt1QHJWUT2r8EQbz73RbrrYo/
Sz+nhn6q0guvXZh8ZYNLfk2HFNgmy/
nUDQ6n6HfSdyYht+lbzNv5wWt850f+KmqzfDTfrxFUEIZCDAVr79gBsz022ZijQftvj+kYh99rofMC9jWd0MnS+MctmdMW3465QtfrNMWu492aXD016t9VvGMroCDzd9tqcbOZDBtYGve5aacKVYSdfCoOZkNlKJnodDWAl/
u/
m09GU4f7vt3dBFaCoeSVsmtL1ZzCqkKVCdidBvX59dLN72rcLWb8eX6C47I7Qw7OhehbqcaA93I0v80wwR+lkJNT5guD77JCFxaYbnPu9NBVp9JLuknvWstpMz+7VbvE+s0Jy3a/
76qW8PWwgw++lt36gwIf8KHKqbz3S+y7hsqTH7aO2oyP3bKk7X6Seci1khSfj7Nh1bM27SHt+zHtcXi5IPyZpexvrQFfAIrf5GX2ugAqMANWL+jcoFaBTue7LOyexm+gK9CIewEv5+ANT0ZTh/
v/Vdwjg0Nkkjm4XThlGMQei3sbd/LFxM/mBU86sE/
zNVahH5KZsUMABYG8uWK5gEb80KRpqVLMP1ibQfJZZjrJWk11Aq429TXhbDVz9lKNbskT4SIzEnItrqxNzjEdd3jOFO3EhlorQfcWKKtBNI+JRl356aG59sHjvhgM61tzuaYui0ldSz7qJtZduPzrofHHH6ZRUrVGFC/
hYYQcnhAHy5eqYUaG61bOvSXONs50mHRx17WL3YkuS6afly7cx7oOlPXWBnWCIAurS1Pg1QJFSg0F0dSPYmHMJK+Avt7Ya+C4cptg4ljEPD45obGtEcHKxIBcj9FnRcfMTXvLz5Fsj6mkmRv4yP4lO30WRP/
i+9QAIAAdpZMV5o7w/s6TWUzzwoJmM/
HbShUx92iDV7qI9EC05eMAFcuOFmpFbyTpDaRPk8xkkXOCRe+W7nSP7ocGPh0fQi/
umh5R5ai+m1lTN62raH3m5CIZkvUtXRz+IdLf+2ChPyb9HaWNfQ0lJb/
OCoV9iLEVZrh9+KFlEdzdd+hZpdcpIUaHr/rLTZcjjxO6ZNn/M/A5FFNAUAYe/GT1eLMJJw0Mm88h/
Qu3AIK2GgmtlThtjWIdN8yYqfnZhvhivPcd8T4zVVlJgrqPut7SnTEe3htTa3ENIUB6ZTeILhYAWVBa94QHMB0qyQ6X1CQtBQuml1TG14sgdBfdgu1uyxPhLNLSHDCXJK3lUbxD+jNlEe3H7dSQ+9PPHyt+VOxFPhxpdH0j8JmLnnb3VF0lZaGPawbWit0ISNBsTDGd11iZFnZRz+qgoT8k9RfW2u0PRLpIsV/
OaR2XEy6yWjeYR4OjoTip1PgBN8LKtp05lja8prAW0B0g9OulqgAfSZBL2f6E04hJUwAC3sFUNs6wAURkTXbqPNFO3RwuiS/
x0LD/Y1Lfh1/1G4Nk8Ndb9Nmi3SHh6KZ5SyEEi9U/
ALN0aYmKSaP+c8rSOkC5SK7cb1ZvSzYnCK1PuEhKSh7EhIXagPiWLN3ugjsSTTh7IznYmygN1lhR6LXeKlYgcXKZaGF2nHv4ywsmq8fRxZW2nQ07ZZTW5fuyxCk60Vcd5/
U4UJ+afg1t5567Z7XdXnvIzwrW6GC2fx47qvBIH8FVACZrtSzNoGLGfPnGirOHuv/yXPq/
MFaPot36MTy6XJl4e4Jqx0lE/
Y4bo2QSZqsUL93QjHsHeE0YIWu1M3K2LoZyWEnJF6n5C61FB2oz7ssT4SV/
v1PenHcwQTZb2grZM+65KkS18dVwo/
P5zxVWjmUrmqlQA8YqSt7FnbOh00LISBv6vChPxTsPAr6RoqEX6YWpnLVYxaeOYnACLlNR19Fd9U9bMB8AjztnUxVl5hHvCCpgDpRwNdLdCuE2ReehMOYSUMQAt7xRDbOjSghY2W63NkPswpapwvRNNvvXc+WhCtRX5+jnOi/
4WDxbNcVmpmEr3r4tZermPDogWl+FmRZ8WJuDSkhPQHWslu1Yc9e2YOV5GT/pT0S29/bhytiVKSjY/
byRCzKOni18WTDmcWC8+21xB7zAtY9RG0lSJF/+tZ235+qsR2qDArP/
+EKkzIXwDNr6wpAa4QDiZLn76pwulwkY6Kmr7kfwIcqqoibTcb2KUmSYF02gJEKulqAdDI7LcoehMOYSW8GsCm9oQhtnXowLdicbSv85L77fXXZc2EVNQ2jlPRPvXl4j0fXn9t5pdV4MlZJBUmN19tOKqbWVGBmJB+XyvJWH3ISKyJQMvX0+6uF1t41DTYnj5DMFESEDJ2msK2IOn4hacnvonOXT6BT4zXSg4bhVC4tqiHbfuQeeqtn4oy8WG5pnenj7+FKkxIf4BrxaFZOrtT85ebV94DYdNpmOvXEs5/
WexMvF1Z//
xo5meMboh6+6OyGEmzWXIglKbAZK9l38KSaWuBlpsDE1nP6U04hJVwYaDb2w1DbOsAXEsr8ZykDezX87FZzez6k6UoZVLkfjtyxkiap4tRbIJyKoLER812B56pUw+ZL0eRf9tmZWggw9BLhXjJ7g+0kpzj3ZDVh4zEmiSavtw9f6aes7WxuuRd/
uW0xIuvW1Q2Xbvu0eA1EcFEedhehlXIyGkK+zy/
NU9axFYtU+MC7MrrIu0PIhSOlelh21gro2Yv5Qhxmoh6kuTh+5JpVZiQQU3DY1/jlS/
Hm2mPlRHhqHl/Jz0mLZ9jatz+A3weKrZrrFfWb5nG/
ybVO+KT7MZjZsV+Ojrnx6fei9XnUVq9fVYUbYEt7p9fZ9CO/
LBbd6CDBLjqwutXnvzEVt4vJeyG8s4eFxDC8CuMyHJ1vNjbcGaKDvzL8X0YDjNsHUoQQmstSg9KqZ8y21h1lBBLWX5GVHx2vYrH3LszNdNo+23snIdG6EkVvs8KglTYft3YtDKDR2O8FG/
Tx6yUyKMvxgdn66RNVsqfMJNqVv7BZmyvrmbQrk9ye8gJCd/
S2AIwnO2P7P2JVpJV2h5RfdjlywS4h9sWzyb9wvCPmmDgvDd6k7OJNAcKIJsoiU0cMcXZmOPq5UbxdctUiWc4aCEG2sqKHrZtgt9RhwdbVplvJqswk5lVhQkZ1GDEDS0U7h6JDzrwoxEAbgl1sy3HQ33myXPjU7KqNqwM8FyU1MItZ+Z5Oj5IhzNn78uib2NI14ZZxObRF+Bj16IfKbN7oGMkHgpnui4IeNs2lLp+SSrhiHZ9pOpvhMPT1XL+En0YDjNsHUqQQmNXtjBgux7rn1SFBSz8o6esOhAaYi+ZG3prO22/
nct7/CAetJLu7qAww/hr70Z5x/9oBrxyxvZJeSHLlWvOm8hdPU49K6eJbK+C6NcneYCUkHC/
3rwoByJjRDrOrliEe6KV7NRQ6lV1jkcPQ1If0ios2+la74hsoiSFP2LOpQZ8Twof67Zt5BnyqDqnPFr591WYkH8JVlGLgKMWAfQTUISumZTrnNQ5pvlF9qM6+ZVuGtykQTRdAUYjBx42Jf83eH/
qcc0vtipHw3CYDKTQkEHutw55eIe2n9wafhde+FFPHjYz/PzMcLpaSAvt/
Jbd7o2Lgu4BeZ9ZcoPudhsEMlRpLc+9VmUcsFqZ4fX2QQUMB9IDiAlpU8xrTcfEg1tU4NdvIBBmgUXc8V6p40C3os+A4UB6AEk/
0fJ9oJsxsDC6nAiBQCCQvwf8SDUEAoFAmAKYkCAQCATCFECFOeRfZ+j1fxgRMzOUYulzSPeQcKVHJoss+Rlc+MxnTMeDdk0vtiorB4ofuabqYUZlN8eXZ5rLrJW8+iFJj6uMYUWhUN8Wn+BfHvlPdkwiPxgJWr8fn6NomzPjwqtUyxHovpGX/
2VDOUXs3B0joYV9EAMV5v3BEFOYM2gtdZGWklt73bdEnvpfcQOaT0Z71jL13MB9r2nmww9A5UDHQgWDLUUXb4BxzZmdYfGZV3Je/
WgB3NJ6th4RO1dp8dO8tUyzEmz8Qkyeh0cwFJ+3fj1sOdruaoNC4IvnAeOIK/Q39nBVeUf/
x2borsJNoWeih01xdYz3iYnbnfbZ5W5WYid+n+6q55pzeKuj4RYjOqP4U3n5H9vTewdF7LQNgRZ2SE+ACnMig0phjtxayq0DWssvrta0SmwyXOm7X1OktaQw7wWYsjNDpxbbXqLuUZhzxFs9UH9+QEJgAPKWQoi39oDl1fD/
hObab3dTEmx4fiJi19rJBfUF2R5jO/My/Up4WfzlNWPxOa7i2haP2xjCuUlng3qfkGoep9/
B6SaqD+uuIOd4j4S1Kfr+Kw8uuLFKpuGuv3Natf7+KBsqhdCfyst7bU/
vFbR68i5ihxZ2SI+ACnMw2BTmiK2l3Dqg5p6vY2LVrKMvMxeKI/
8ZVd+4uAbPY+FSe4qpEhLilkKKd1eSSPaXz7pCbSrSpTNk9ORdI2OfrY3SaP+2KqOV0ClLoBaf1+ZtX3tW3j9QwXdjp4Ox1zuh+hcZN+rVd2rzd7+XRQ3T3Rq3NH26h2vGVL/
nK/YXjw+95jCqK7lql/
LyFWq8+F95MevWhmbkf28i5CIxVbONB5wfWkzvuJzVWn57h9PKsLOva7jlpm2MWF3pap0uJPHjsegeOu0692/
oyXseO7SwQ3oGVJgDZleYI7eWYuuAqntRR0ulV/vPJuyI8Tg8QvC/
7sefr+SzdNE7furvNr5b6BvLIN57lZjOfTdGTEtnJIgrqmjp+Nh39yuBSnzeVBi9Kg6zLsdedhPlMVRvE1Lj61OXK5S3GAj16EIUWtAsLHrGGdvletnYMvnN+a5K3e3zupKXF6aK+1muOzPOI/
qsuRx79ecXd7Or6in0iy3v98828y3Q9Ti4y0zkx8296+zzvgJWIYCoXQ8Qvd5bPXmvYocWdkgXQIX54FGYI7eWcusUZT2s5VKSvO+mZRaX9wOwiOmuCEnYtUyJu22fjK/
MibtUzT/
TSZvv+EBF0XO6jRcQbad5OcVAeqV0x4cquloJ9OJz3KfkNSGltqfc1bioL+n2MiE1f7x47tvoFSaiPZVMsYjN2r5B/
lzQO0G7k17q9Lde6OhCXr4/2yG/QnTJjq0rtEnCCPPZy4g3/
NtrNjyODM3hWXjpVNg04kUyk8mSJQomyaTbXPTa9dezGjf2Uk/
ey9ihhR3CEKgwH0QKc8TWUm6dlp+ffoL6y64bxzmEnwpWbH4Q7+5tb1A74lWqFel2Of5ndtzV2hELnLS6vc/
BDHQbL2gtPrHJ5wGXRery0R0HPl2sBDZa8bnQz7MLNz/
Si0ozGo6qpV547xIS9uu1Ex+k51hI9vhwGl/
zID6ZqLKtuHfjXb3ppB6kJIby8qzvoyYKlCS5rJLwWGJloqcsxkl5qoItyc3+zq67WLftlg2KT2OhIU/
ybeJvOu36u5e3HvdST9772KGFHcIAqDAfUuBJ37ueGH4ubh3xzoGpgXzl2Ek7t5/dMY14CQT/4/aB6/
XCdo6TmOHL5X8MvvZh6Gy70xyLMpMWSVDsPhivhOXUvd0WtVcs4pyM7xMbhGNh8o4KzUqY0tpCfWBFHCZMoLgS2FpyK/
2VqFWiXMeFt+4qNjzd6bTv63j/w8bHloY7xyy77zm2m4t2XcnLG9T3/
JfI6xEWujTVB4BhqgsD48NUOpZaU1YLeEX4OlMsK59o2xEJnXa9ofJrVRfKcwQ9OX3s3QAt7BCGQIX5IFKYI7aWcuuQXNRA0MxwZNvOh1PRQmfYzhu5n5ocJbhwZTcO3GwUc3KY0JOjcSagy3ib3ibamvg919mVl0CdT7paCZMpe7v4wvVLAb/
TZVvhusrKOlBd24In7JCrKgHp3hKpMopdUJTQhA8/
WiiuPTeXv68Aww2Gd+7gcRV3jz7lM9s5tsOG3k3F5jexziGF8l75XosUjHLSjfzXpC645kT3RgIlXcvLpQX4HaOvO+5r/
lGYlRm50XWDNT5Iu2OFEFZjTWlVx3OWAFtVUk34O0daDGntISrPGejJ6WPvBmhhh/
QEqDAnjmBqhTlyaym3juSkUSjwFUfxFgyeMEC+rY8rvR53u1nCdblqL6TZAwrjeNHfTq0wcr4k7nHrjJsyTThdroR2iL1dGFwpAZUJ0yQTKCbs0BUl/
L8c33aGxKVkNZHlxLUj+VUGU/hIM8D/yj18o5p90vQxnHfbZ/
8r90ge+5TNqhSJvquKmM9pq33yRVxubVbnQqMMgmIXHJ/
pvvHsjIy5IoyO4HogLyeCYhuhZLoqLOhE0pxnb6vaLnawimobiDUdOZZbOd2ceH0OX/
3geHYtQm1SYTEDBspzZD05UuxdAS3sEAZAhflgU5gjt5Zi66BH6C1UB2uvXP8cPH408Yp+3fNz92pYxurLcoDW71fisrHS7kuVe3ooO+AwiDd41KPNpnNT8HYnrocY0r4Qy2gloEZPlqUQdBB7ewkAmmHnt09sG12Xs3HW1vIlCQfTnKYT9tvkhMQiNnu7a5B+5HTjFu+VZqO5a15fjQ1J/
aHoFTRdCN2ekGoeHcsBk5PVKY+1GVe0wF1w2HiDc8GZbQakTIUWmr5zj9m55Wt8bhknTO14cLo38nItZ7mTUV8m25irK4zkrHp8xO82TtFtkmDi4UrSrDgnrN+iG7fOdp70Pk9zkR83IrecbiQkbuTnTxkqz5H15EixUwMt7JCeABXmg09hzo7YWsqtI7M4zGWHief0pdittopN+QneUV+l1qRZi6Bbv1yMu4uT9VmixKTeJMQtNW7xtllRi6jidQ0pX2e166XAtMApzVmZx8iVMcIy5b6TV5MV5uwIK0FIW3KH1ez75pS9nXNqXPoGq47Xf6rqhVCgUUHXhDi/
jocaUMP0dubcGOnhG73D+VAdANzSugt23d65TounJb+tYl3B8ZsNk/
ZoD6fawTOo6Do6b9XMk83mKRGWHQ9Js0oujN6+f+xGl1DnZ+GabacavZGXa40V/MJ3Pc0/
I6iiEbAIKll4nY7exLclsb0tGPnVZ65Wr1gZutQ8hEPK2DXsgMj6BbcEuH4gbQiGynMkPTly7NQbFlrYIT0AKswHocIcsbWUWwc13Dgy68SwVZtDlh6vBXyK073PxgYY8qGwRRcS/
gdGBy5SZNZ3/
BC3lM+z5ylZcVTxegkGKDQQjqcuBzh0vtYNNEK249oV5kgrYZ8L2+HNdOLzeV28jErxCICoscfhex50BdoU440PN179peqrP4LueAW54tTEEnwizTg2hQ3/
w25oH/odefnE09YhNAUpDeUsQkY+Z1/7kAeaC0PGl/Eb+DxMuUZxoa1Tuw5AT/
Xkja9OMoj9twMhAi3s/yBQYT4Iw0FqGM3WARyyc8OvzqWxdbPKrM7Hr/
57zew9jBXmtBviUAX+EFK5Ld6dvxFWAnJv74Rvxg3yfSdyqR4/9s2hvvtzU08LDxDN79MCD/
1SnawqNazp4804H79CRe8jmn/+bMtgiB0y1BhikmwYDqQHDKnvl6EwmJ+3d7mEFlW1AlYhFSv/
i9G+EwbNvUQIhJIhJsmG4UB6wJBKSBipBbF3FsQOdDMGAmhhh0Agg54hlZAgEAgEMniBxljIv87Q6/
8wImZmKMXS55DsgPh6aucpr6zhIq/
dYSsm8vXsFYDfU5o2f8iISP051c1ZczjVYtoFrNIej16FT+i4Z1ib7TDKMPkHkPMreBGkzKxPUUIGGdAY2x8MMWNsH4bDDFuHEqTQcKWHJ4va5VIWU4t6e3rk/
rUI/ZYiueLrXh72Wh2QnFVUzyo80cZzb7SbLvYo/
aw+3pl6K4hufZLzNMV6bXee1nzKit8a7WLwlefN2UU9+hT072lbmz5khAS+57NfQZOQ2vmUnvYiaIJ6W0aqeZB0HvGFIghkMAGNsUQGlTG2L8P5223vhi5CU/
FI2tL+SBirkKZAdSZj9yuR1m/Hl+guOyO0MOzoXoW6nGgPdyNL/NMMEfpZCTU+YLg+KRJSp/
N07gzlajnT1D0Xvi1wluzISIy9ov2gbR1muGDkvYzDBcHqZCFhdV7ihTqNpeqPD//
q2wX1HuhXhfwB0BgLBpsxti/D+fut7xLGobFJGtksnEbpy0Dot23uV+KY5lcJ/
meq1CLyUzYpYACwNpYtVzAJ3poVjDQrWYbrE3G3iuIdZyQPUr+/fX92utxcSq/o4/
8teOBLpyuluWSHqChFET9kdHHHRv8D5x99b0KjAY78eu9aGcxawj+Smx6+iZjY+Uw/
q4SV08TTu1KehWhocQFQ9b/ES4364cboNeSE1PojO9IrMOni/
cLSBsAlpbfEPybCQeaO5QjL8nA6OSxHBUJhVV4cvV720rJnT5w/
7YJ+VcjfAhpjAbMbY0FfhsMUW4cSxqHhcc0NjWgODlakAhTuV3Lhmpc33wJZXzMp8lcYUHzqNprsyf+lF0gAIEA7K8YLRT7Obyl7UwYAr8gwlheUXtHqDxcX6m7IptOVTqSoiiu/
gKgoXcB63mHS7COs0zfvO2Ug3votLzPqwMVnpZIB2efsxFlQbPzi1Dt4VvHpK9S9/
VOehmvpcFXlJl5pNkgwEkpum9r6690HFm2XsFXyYjxNH2/
F+68wqRfPtwWIclgfToTCzwPezqXTyw4nNt47HfpVIf0MNMYOHmNstwyxrUOm+ZIVPzsx3wxXnuO+J8ZrqigxV9C7X9vDa21uIaQpDkyn5wfDwQoqC17xgOYCpFkhQzEF31JfW1sLWms/
Z0W57P4Ixmy1kMTcpPCKNjzYHXEDSVd6QaZjJk0vYxBNrE9Ht2w68nNyzOszq2VJO/
PpNvP1bMRM3wtJjZJFFFKwjpzmrOG6+dDjndrjchKuYg0PThFEtyckNnmHmM6P51hMlfsiMzMy2xyFJIct8t1MXzh0L+4NvV62KN67CAP9qpD+BhpjB5ExtluG2NYBKIyIrt1Gmynao4XRJf87Fh7sa1rw6/
6jcG2eGlr3a4e4AcUzSlkIpN4p+IUbI0xMUs2fc54SP26KUrHduN6MflYMTpEoUkHjxdkj279mjRm9KOGUpzL7LdDpFe1CV7qmfR6tpXfPIylKr1493/
ABpRNs08Vn9WhhETN31lrlnvzQZ1bC9VajVENBdF7HRFxlXtwW76hTOa/
KG9tGKT4vlUCQw36saMFVPqYtzJaY2cxuRq2X5Uw+0QCAJr3gFfpVIX0LNMZCmBeUgNmuFLO2AcvZMyfaKs7e63/
J8+p8AZp+y/foxHJp8i6da8JKR/
mEHa5rE2SiFivU341wDCOawgUtdqduVsTQz0oIOSNRJCQWnfBzoZrcaHa+kQpKsqRn5khXb9u9ot3oSklgq4oRTayj371rJNQV4erNg3hoEVMnnZr1EZHvb+FNjuoLdNbFfkmZZ7j6ib5X2Il4NQkBrtYXoRYLchpa8Ahy2JbmzwiF08pbwAgavSwX8fAF5EC/
KqS/gcbYQWSM7ZYhtnVoQAsbLdfnyHyYU9Q4X4im33rvfLQgWov8/
BznRP8LB4tnuazUzFxJGBS39nIdGxYtKMXPijwr5G+6USQkNhE1fUNDpK1P3sN3oyvtLIOgPWVrvjr/
4LHvpfUddXu2Kqa6TK6x3XObZ84FPcJ5T/
u5O74i++BNrNHRtFBbYdLcar43NTCaCYPCPIBOL1tH+qG/Pxf6VSF/
C2iMJY5gamNstwyxrUMHvhWLo32dl9xvr78uayakorZxnIr2qS8X7/
nw+mszv6wCT84iqTC5+WpUzh6kWVHRi4eXu9GVksswMrE2tVjK4XfEnCyyWdV+1Q7FyoEBzXVNXbwlhhY23ew2E/
1ObZM+ZVh4bGMTHiM4vO1cDV/9MD2rFjD4qjdyYdGpBs3/
3aPWy5Iv5z2FflVIPwKNsYPNGNstQ2zrAFxLKxrTcR6H/
Xo+NquZXX+yFOWHzcn9duSMkTQPG6PYBOVUBAlpt3B34Jk69ZD5chT5t21WhgYyDL+R3pu3aRjrSh91lGGoPT3kuntpwszVerO+BDoZSuBLnt+69L9mQVB4JOGU5hwZbm7xcSoS9Bf0UAImYWdMaMeiR2hbjWkIDY65p75pEup56nr7IxWAUUJCLiw1Yf2melsPGr3sqJWhOue2QL8qpN+AxtjBZ4zty3CYYetQghBaa1F6UEr9lNnGqqOEWMryM6Lis+tVPObenamZRttvY+c8NEJPIhtj2X7d2LQyg0djvBRv08eslMijL8YHZ+ukTVbKnzCTalb+wWZsr65m0K5Pcnt69XonI11pLUUZRtpTNuEZiXnnR6333r9ydmgr4JKevGBzRJxancsOW6MI+veQuoZdyf1U4sfFnpOFvQH3KGOnrakuvvMv96owSS/
bRKOXfag4P/GBhhr0q0L6C2iMHYTG2D4Mhxm2DiVIobErWxiwXY/
1T6rCAhb+0VNWHQgNsZfMDb1F536dy3v8YLsxFoUZxl97N8o7/kcz4JUztk/
KC1muXHPeRO7qcepZOU1kexVEvz7JA+SExMh5Sic1QNaVttb9agAcwzjaDmUYOVLZpKwCT1sFUo27+I7u3WXGAtZh0y52XOAb65j8yDG5c9oy0oR9mymKU8hhEQsDQKuX1ZggwikmC/
2qkH4DGmNhOMwEY2MsLcj91iEP79D2k1vD78ILP+rJw2aGn58ZTlcLaaF037L7LXDVb3NvZkbebRF3VOUf+HPrXtBfelkIpE8YYk5SGA6kB/
xpQqp/4Dd99gkuQ69k70HmZoV6WQhTM8ScpDAcSA/
404TEY5z+a3BezPqH9bIQCATCjMBvVkMgEAiEKYAJCQKBQCBMAVSYQ/51hl7/
hxExM0Mplj6HiRXmbbALyo3Xm754rbuTiRQHU25JRoF0Ueb31hgS2B/3E/
wD9mXcKqzAAh4pbWsn7+BNVrKchDWFLT7ruWjt/
uyvTWCE492iuNG5gUtWRFwragAcM668X588xqRw24eH60f902fJUGHeHwwxhTmD1nZMRXR+f3zgKt3AlFunG7AfIifKbSigGcu/
9PaXVN2aW3vdt0Se+l9xA5pPRtsm8PB+O9mOTzHQK8zXjjysQT8rPjNHqWtJVGMJq+vpulGAeRXm7Y1p+FXyNv9yWtw60/
2Jm67eDDcRZL5ny7tzsSOU+b01Rgf2S/
pynYVHysct8IzyVRNsfH8rJcJvxplrO3IueU5A5wU573muG3kpXUuQR0wJVbDNcVuO7Pazh41FuYTG8JZfVRjdIIBhyhQ/
lIEKcyKDSmGO3FrKrUOCRtQtDJBqDUDrewuLiNWuDJEfHd/5rHsU5hzxVm/u2LqLqzWtEpsMV/
ru1xRpLSnMe1la2/
mVeiSFOS43aVfGUfpZKf+4Rre6TNeRfnW2g6kU5p2NAcB+7RbvEys05+2av37q28MWAkNgH9ona6z1a5qD/
ZEynZ2Pbrgrk7fsfDs70+VqczfPCzYt8CguLENPsF8+bTIfcVL1i4LvYJz/ciu9kaS0Kbf74es/
WjxUuf8WUGEOBpvCHLG1lFuHBK2ou6nAD6HWADS/
t6C45U3nyXcMVt+4uAbPY+Ey4ZWfZmLVrKMvMxeKI/zRIyrMt+8s/
pS+kI92VgYCIQhecxLMqjCnBiMxJyLa6sTc4xHXtorU7lxH2wBAPfNh0hraIoXXnk25UnrWnBxyQ56rnNbVlS/
uTXIfafkj8taaZ1s2J+WWsEhbeKekeWuUHdngsDk5twRITN2SeszfaFgxQghkkTmNIn2n/
PbRpifrKALJuzcjO4DKmB5meX3aTKoyWXHF1tM71hi++mmSB91arUZaXKyTMndbQm5+dzj8v0Zp9+g1yp2vT7GKzQwL10+3D1PnCiONmEn1sV3gKM5C8fKEamTbJTvqtac1e/
PBfdPfQZX7XwAqzAGzK8yRW0uxddqhEnUzqMUUW6c3/Loff76Sz9JFpXCfban0av/
ZhGyEx+FpNzBjhXmdmR439az0+EkSYERFOtMqzGlAC05eMAFcuLFIbSK+RZW2AZMbz1LO/PuzGykR/
2M8s6chS3YZrAnP2FR3M2x9wMxFFUZFWTwOO49vrLq23S1o3oaxe9EblqQyEJnTKNJl8m7mplZOtPvk1R6IUMPpQ9TG9Bk/
D19K+TV1WWcZvjerO1qD/XTQRtfpNt1aHY+0uFE6zwJVSGsKX/
ngYiEQdp49hvptXhZR44Wq4E7hvPit7//
P3nnANZF8cXySEHqVLlVQOVCxgCBKEVBQAZFiryBFEBRREBEpilT1PKw0Kzawo9h7PbA3zlNRQaQoKJ0ASf4plFQMJ/
6N+L6fuyM7O/PmvdncvN3Z3fy8VoikPNxjTbvQrLk8d5hnddzdoy40aay62/4jZtN/
oo9Ydpx59K6cvbvLLSr+CEi5/
zBAwvzXkTDn7C3D0aHDovm9EMux1S9wdBghf7mVnFMt4+g59Mul+7Wiemp3AoxtknM/
I5zySI+Y1PVz9drOjzlLmFc8/
ecryVQMy2hqhBQ6wUEind6KfyXMWcCKqWoKoVuEesTuQEDSaxbjzuMVH/T25WaLqBmevYf2m/
ATdD7k6K/dXrXzzeF5qlSTWm9PG66fPgtxFTJnlUg/fKk2wFAch4QZAmFXTM8omCzGWKf2VXuFhkd/
RlzgNKonFTl0R1VkH0QTYGyuKPiEkOIfiqxfbpyMlroIetks3ksEYUWVNbW0aJfMVfmUr0WzgkYfLdo6Q+27NvE3wvMkltFzMIocNIjDQQQp9+4CJMx/
IQlzjt4yHh2Omt/vQmRqOLT6BY4OA+TK68nnauWmehqLVO6oRPVn/
AMHuCccjdZpupeyLNTNvFbunz32ctT5hJuEeW15TQstAXeYksQ0cZJIp/
fIxxLmbDQTqP8d6s7qwMkr5951ybie65jWVVAh1WFqCElNtmo1KaRu0Buhok6EzDlJpBsym+csr96fsy+djKo7l+4oh4e3OHmCWHojh3n0uB1EkHLvNkDCvEfBSfM7LY7yWftnevX9kD9f3X6hXmHOfENx9DftN72HJZxMXkS9zTDWvO8XXcPEtSfixs+nnspzkzDHYOkPuTOawiBOEun0TX6WMGeCVPuhgPZBlc2BkqIP1Uhch3fjIlIibdfRWAEchmEbg8PTH8nkKmTOLpFOYn6IsxN5dU58Y1S5d4eX1ZJH6NU/
ZU1Im+kKk/iloLAByfeVw3/iZTBaqktZRo/bQQQp924DJMx/IQlzjt4yHh0WWoW6sylno7W/
4tFph1R+afvlRmVP96FiCEPVAkeyNha9WycbEZ1xJpKJl+6+J8xXpSm0diphzmiKhTZdc/
rJO19LmDOOTcWtg49pn6rZHBiqptaEapmMY6iKh2RSx2knqam+mbee6F+XToTMO6dL8uqIt1HlCEbGwE4XhZ47/
k/DyGEMt5GIpZcPPkFSU2y0he98213KN0BSWYp59LgdRJBy/wGAhDm1gK8lzDl7y3B02KAJdVNhP6a/
wNFpg1R2Iflqk6r/PH1KwiGpGfbBoA+MZ99kygbTsw3cJcyZTLFB1zWnf+ZvCfM2mj8cW+Z/
ullUVxeTn8vugKVtgXYIk3GMqJKKOOF1wZcWJEl78K/
oxp3PPIZJ+29XhMyZAuEir841WF5GlTOCfWcFW0e5bfTbOufS0rYH7YglJ5cHXydqhywbJfkvT/
HilMxYDg3XgwhS7t0ASJj/
ahLmnL1lODqcNb+tIt3eRab+gkenFWLJ2eTrLRrLZtPmFqyc6XQD5Hf2QmH0kP7UaaLu2cnbNThdMy3mR6NZJMzjZvYXZDXFebgsEKEY8a+EOaHoZvbxehFiY3Xp67wzGWmnXzYPWnr+wsJ3swewO9BnEIHV+Ll/
tEZKHI5ZddB8nb182YUEj8R/20UJv4nuvElVu3gXMhdWH66B9rcFIqdv90dDHKu8Oq3OkfZgNToSE/
dRvfUNNwXUZu7ceWHEjGXDDP5e5uswuFfjm6t7NqTerDeNPbdyqEgjbwkJCemxHZqzxZMni8eBlPsPACTMfz0JcyGO3nYcneGvIkbNZBPqTgxc8OrRfn48OjxBLD6dfJOktXKWHj3jCGjOjPeOsw6eMLslcpoOIS81NOmDuk/
C50kCmEquEua5C6jvJLGYanzMabiin66mvp7HrxLmpPtrZjrRPuFl+gw19/
pr81Ivaw1hDImjAwixGQ9NSZsqON/
TQ1+RIKxu6RO9zW35tGs8xkkJ4dIsE56FzAU052xec35eWyD3Hh1Ne8eqmE6rc629zrXkb48qD69f4NWm736kMSoiclPykqzKFiSmZuyw+uTaZdSfDiI3frs9HRz7oQlNT1o7xhCk3LsfkDD/
BSXMOXrbcXQEFIw5CXVLYIfw59HhhZaiU6l/o/
5RM3TaXsfBSFttvHZY0ickZvahWiSlMyH0xLZVhhfNO5MwHyLKwRSX4ZJZTdtJq/
KLSJhzdYCL8TXn363p2Jo9lfaHOSKpiZeYHkro5Xq99Zemvi1kziCRbhrGFIgBR8X0IUx1qjpMcQ6KdfAZumNAQH6k79bzvltZyxFGbtpN8jSGSO3OMj5YIW51sLpjk9Po6YCU+w8AJMx/
wXA4OcZwdATEOAt1828430ZA0zePzPrijLCWS8I5F6ZAvyFhzsmUgAqX4aLt/O8u0/h1JcwBgK/
pYSLZEA7AA7+vhDkA8DU9TCQbwgF44PeVMAcAAAD4CvitZgAAAIAvgIQEAAAA8AUgYQ787vS87z9ExM/
0pFi6HbqEORm1lBz3MXVKK1Ad6+PjMlJbsunjk0sHU/Y/Gn6q/
Kyd1DfNcKDmIvXHvOPb1Ivrc4Ot3F8vPJs1W/U//
5ZT9zvZOYw6TyzhdInvaQv8WP7v8tiNT+KmLX+qOdK4TTE2+QbBLoOqGDtoGlVdNJSuLnpMKJBFMfbQZD3WClSJVbbCNxtG/
myRbPLnQ1Z9fYv1Rurjbx25rsFBwpz3cCiDIPGzJcw5estwdOgS5nXMEqh2o0Wyp/
Dj0fkW5LrXF3PyWGVe7Y+/
TRNYaUhTjF08tVUxVnFZapB+63OGxI8HXfWmUxVjV0+jKcYmXNdJuJs+pOAJq6kJyWs/
ey+pZxmusX2p7wPQvybE4gNuM9LeG0bfuxxqIEHP39PdA8JCjx7vkO74PoXQ79dI5clJAOBvQDEWgWIsX/
PzFWObX++NO9egvmx7YNtE3+qYmsg+OdGNjAqhjxcUsQuJkj5f37icV41Uf6G9FhqeKPX9NbdWLUXU+ChEd+h2k/
Ov4ghbOEnNok6dHOAyo/
pxmjfPiqsiVblbFvnFZuaVECh5UlnfJiDR5ohtoBK7vOxds9ZOKJdKqt+Shd2yzl3zhh0vkrKdaeMCvxmgGItAMZaf+QmKseTKe6deIAUvZ12ObxJ1KITWlt5baDxjL5uQqGvD6wKeNVJxSraeI5F72tmSOXQhDdSYv/
/gO5kJsZ+CjGeyS83OoB9Q7k52UXH1ltWfdouODwjafMJWW6i68PnN61/
qvyWZJWay6ZuysNb1KnnTOPTILinbuTYu8DsAirGgGPsr8FMUY5sr6dqjCpyHqV0hlPBsh91eTkKirpFd0UjFKdl4mmLnpZ35OM+Tei3b+GLfwfe9bJblRfpzNj5AsDMnu6i4ejxXNK9CaVZcpMcI2s9p2zrNJZXs/
IauBEZYTlX5m7KwG6/
bYniTlAV+c0AxFhRjfwV+qmIsN9oUQjsREl3V+10KzxqpCKs41sMUNyctp9jdWx3X8DzjUJGcvX3j1UOcjUcMUOjk8r+riqsfcAMNepWme/
uoBs2ytzYdqCzy337wiLMsrCpPkrLA7w4oxvYoQDG2WxVj8b3o2qPlrNqjdNoUQrkKiX7M3zF5HO8aqVSNwDGeZgKz0nM+zF+g8Gxv5gd5x9naVQu4qpQqCHB3ssuKq2LmSRfTxIPiY2fvWYmQpP70qO1hXdak7EQW9puSsgAAirGgGMv/
/CzFWEwvQ3s9tOLcsX8aTIZxuo3UuZCoMPbu3OAuaKTSfLD2tMDPSD/
9Yabh3qxiBSe34coPuaiUqtEHgJuTXVdcxUoOmb/5wvxNTZ/
zr2VtDPRfMrHWu3fX5GW7KgsLAFwAxVhqASjG8iE/TzEW33d2iO3qORu8N0zteKKaUq/
2edaZZmTUuslNSJRUfKtLGqlUsPJWnqMFp6YfOvX48Ecll3lDpZQluKiUtsHFSZyY5GdEetx1xVWMoJzeWJ/
41YfTnV/
X9BclfOhcXpYXWViuXfGujQv0dEAxFhRjfwl+pmIsTmX6jn3XTJ3DDHWveC9wNtGSbC59evlQ2oFcxr64qcH+GWL/
R0Ms7xqpVLDylp6jhSavWvioWdln7mBR7lKze900v+EkNY6zvCquNj6KHBNePsrV1qBfb5Gqh/
tWXSXprPQMeJ49pXN5WV5kYbkdWua2LNq4wG8FKMaCYuwvwU9WjBXo7ZTy8OHomNV/
7Y9bmFyHkKiqga3HpjXXF6/
qWMriogbbe9DUo2lvu6CRSgUjN9rLSvjcmUaVRXNp13HcpGYZVlw5O7n7frAD9shyHhVXBRQMjaQ2ZIRnrq5oRDhZvXHLj21eOVqt6kjYrE7lZXmRheV2bFnawntIvzGgGAuKsb8CP1cxlgZWasis+KOz4pkd82N+t5iLGqzu/
K5ppFL9l3POaWC+bOImNcsAZycR6pLi6pSpMaztFcZylJc90OEzVoYXWdhNIRx7ZJWUBX5XQDH2FwwHFGPp/
AKKsQAA/BB6mCYphAPwACQkAOBLepgmKYQD8AAkJAAAAIAvgIQEAAAA8AUg0Af87vS87z9ExM/
0pFi6nTaBPgD4Lfm/C/
T9cCAifqYnxdK90PM0LNkBAAAAfAEkJAAAAIAvgIQEAAAA8AWQkAAAAAC+ABISAAAAwBdAQgIAAAD4AkhIAAAAAF8ACQkAAADgCyAhAQAAAHwBJCQAAACAL4CEBAAAAPAFkJAAAAAAvgASEgAAAMAXQEICAAAA+AJISAAAAABfAAkJAAAA4AsgIQEAAAB8AUiYA787Pe/
7DxHxMz0plm6HmpCMEfqb815lv7/
fbDIS6aa+aq9MV7F6HvXmQYBWx4VZQ96ivkabPrJUHZ5efNe9N7abOv5/
QKp6ciAu6q995+8V1ZKRmKrB2Km+K1bMMZLtyjVoS/GJ4Bl+W69/
ICC5+TffpY0S+2H+dgVOx2jI5nd5CzV+/
QvsnicpDRHxM79CLKSyvaOU5txlLBqc9Paev0bD47QlCyL23i1pEu9ru3BdcpSjhhBjLXINhwq8FmoKt0mYx2btL22m2msuPLgk5KT8krSI4aLUbaykbl/
B/
8cIYIYsTwse3JH48IomvX6lbNRSctzH1CmtQHWsz4ptI7Ulmz4+uXQwZb7ZM8Xys3ZSPJupz13t9eezkRtzDhrLiivrddeJQPfAfIwE5I3kcT/
VHwAAfiCDgtJXDG39/53yv7sC+pg518LrVB/vDZnjpV/uXrFqknXz7UfrTcTbGhA5Vbi/
tNCNt8LWnij/WrpOp28Qnj6PCslWGe06fSLrLEpuaWhEIiI/6IxYWNNq8nQbiR9j/
IdDLD7gNiPtvWH0vcuhBhL0y/Hp7gFhoUePoy7l84bi/
HLsULd540fxnMR+7HFh5Nc+RgAAdAVBNUpeGC/
Zvk14umrlsTqz1JNbPNQop6JjdWsGGP4ZdiLowkwl+rUD4cU29gpBsdUfeSsMo3fTyUxWnTNBzu5T3JHp99fGZz4o7+2Z5E08nnH6Tn5ZAxJVN50VnrQE4z/
QC6W+v+am0nq23PgoRHfodpPzr+IIWwJWbs1+8qlFUMVkTsS2DR6DeZ7LiGXHZuo5n7M6nH/
QRYliuOV92nhdz3+clqpmrm+O2T/
pTvS6Yy+qBJRMPBJ2bpilI4JBTYWnYti6q6H5n5A992HUmv33yltkBs+Oy9jmOVCkKnfLIr/
YzLwSAkKiyvo2gRkHlumUc7BA/sqh5iBhFnebX++NO9egvmx7YFs2ooERG+Ayo/
pxmrffmoybhfUYGT0H/4QtYXaq+GpOjsUpBag5XiJRGjpKY9oWS3Hc42o/LmorHj1eULSe5/
DFKMNVdDouMHx79oMSAlZSw9gpZMemCa/ZLXxzpZvjsGO4lPM2mAAA8AdkUlNDI1ZYWIA6ETQXnT/
+BhmF27VO9aIDpk3WSEg6cL96pp004lohMT4NoZGRPBQmvadtfOvU+t5KX8ng5HP/
DhX7+jInJWuEd7xPX2VxwtsrKeEeNjXpoSZoWdrZkjnzVWm2G/
P3H3wnMyH2U5DxzN0iLlHp0cbSZRfWBXqZlYnlH5vIPfSmmq9fvrS0bQpZJabPvOQ03/
fIyKwpcoXpbv4X5RZeibNMyFp/JjRAPibr+R4D7JOU+XZzLJuVnicPueVl7MDenT3N/
1ULlVel3SgajHu6dZaDt0sfk1tWf9otOj4gaPMJW22h6sLnN69X1Zae8jJht7BHZRVrzXoiu++V9069QApezrqsS2wt73e4jvS82nd+YpaLVt2dbcGr7c2+XHv01xBOjmn+feFN3jGX4UtEUh7usZYUlFYR/
HRqPve42o9Lbem9hcYz9vIa/
pNwhTPuhk77BCaEbDpqrkIseXLl7N1dblHxR9gszFBhXJRjPEYYrJC4RN1ZjsM+TfAMp3LeBhMAAL6gKcdeRoh6s0t6oPOyP7csxOYVIsUZ/
aXabqUIqRmqI8KbJ2VNdtLUdSBCIacKiJJmZPR5KSRQCpu+nZAERiTsDXfsTZ2Z1BdvG9tePm6MdpGm40HhmFHYwLQzH+d5Uq+9Gl/
sO/i+l82yvEj/CvOUVwc9aTe9bczUy/
vZRqb+M86CWy+NOa7qvRi2tVY+ur57zgU7T58MJeudi68oLbq+1kLqVgJCWOPY1EBz6kw5clHaxhOa7uH7XMYk7ebUnY0RZUvMcuOOoLFylByvFJQwY7N51vFc0bwKpVlxkR4jaPfJbJ3mEp5FDuJgYet1d9aanHxvriz4hJDiHwqsq3MNj/
6MuECyzTiTPJM6fuOtBzYNNExceXT5SUUOjh2+3BDmoSiCsKLKmlpaUpQD/
CwykHtc7ceF8GyH3V7ewz/9cmLN0n2Vo7a8PO6rhae6OcHBKHLQIE4WXCMHMMTEdIxEnbIv6nN07/
EfiFM5j4MJAMDPBoNXHDkn0HX0iP4K2NK/
DyREh419+i5EpgaJy4u3n6NihKR6iaC35TWtp5UtNZ9q2SrQPojwUkg5m29AxG8nJB27kW03r0lfcpNXhCYdvfXPp8a2vZ/
0g01xHmk5xe7e6riG5xmHiuTs7RuvHkJGERPVW21jZIynGAtlXHz81ZxbL7gRMUfX0B+koG1KaPftrbFhj/
v5cfMsTiCtJTfXmEphamg92o9SbPUHJz/KQYcUujO14hXn7oZTtvrZDpNpXXoSVNRRRKc/
4AYa9CpN9/ZRDZplb206UFmEXHYzm5OFayV9hjHX7NJzFi2ld64WY0dssFVu9Vd0wFRX9fitp/
Pr3Tk59raimbE5kYtXrXG1HZdvVGPr5fXzy/
cLMCbRrn3w3+4oYoBCx7Id4zHCCCnIPXDj1Orc+VOEHzCYAAD8v8D0slm/
26Z1w87Jcdg0Hae0OMpn7R/
f97cSkpisKH0+bSnaPdnC95HZ8vjDKYNVe4kSn8eOm3qLIGPtaSYwKz3nw/wFCs/
2Zn6Qd5ytXbUAoQezlLCzmCwNKq/
lukQjqGRgOWYMy00m0RGz7BR2pJcPXLDASLJtYhSTFWufyXCUDdT0z3PKBcorbt0Jigq2z6lYHAYRm8XMky6miQfFx87esxIhSf3pof69vnB0uMHgz4tpEgw1o1K2LDKWYZlJ8b205CkO/
FPehLQZR5NYW0Y5pfhDTri9fwFpVRlU96mKtuzF7hiJ6WHQlqriqk6Gse24fKMaWy8NX0uqkbiOomh7cacWFDoiYj5GhKfnObbq/
+olAaGH/
3UwAQDgL7AKlvPMhLOyKVchtZ9q2udwMqGqsgGJK0i0nm8LSCiIo+csFWgfGngpbKB+wPHySw30mYtccX3H5RbL/
Rmx0+hnzTUlhAaat9aeFvgZ6ac/zDTcm1Ws4OQ2XPmhBBIw23pzuwVjhsGKKCu+4/
K6EyfINXdWe6RXqPaXeBbpv3fKaXcNWnHl+y8tSLU1R34prET4PjqyjwoGcehOPv88R8tYySHzN1+Yv6npc/
61rI2B/iGe1CtFTg5r9JJhqrnEQczwbaop88tBmF6G9npoxblj/zSYDGO4jYSTUJRAtWUVjWQkTh/
Dlq/FX5FYXymeHomjNefoVWtcGN6qsSAgqSyFakvK6tu94m5BrRNHubXCE85M2ZGp/
l8HEwAAfoNMbCHRPpQ9/reKZCJKO4skFOW9R8L6+oqty/
pC6obq6CBrBSpfeCoURqhRkPefDiK3NBLIeFnp1vN9cvX9g9dqEWU2wcpbeY4WnJp+6NTjwx+VXOYNlVKWsNduSbr4QdbbRZHpBLj2He9DUH1z1cwNJVbJTw9oJw4b4+exy/
rMFOqOgqyjr1YNGkh9HYvw+tihVxiDJC/Lv7K3cOiuOr/
TLjCCcnpjfeJXH053vq0s0viYgwX2mk9eVZFMxZgr4fvODrFdPWeD94apHY99U6/
fJD8j0uMd50udZ9BW7Rrysw6/xw2N0BVl64EDAsrmXIaRKS4eq7WDUzKz0ybHbTnyztWHvmrH3cJ/
co/Q1Lm1bwwmAAA/GVIzEYtvv8PT8iF727UmIatIt3eRqanZRTO9qDeH65/
tzyrEj4wxaHswHK9mM0kbxbJUGLV87sf4nbwUjkTNlxHvCQkrN8L+j4bY6C23DZYaYp7tWey2rwJRExIlI1l6jhaavGrho2Zln7mDRZHQwEUb3XY4TB41eeXyWaaaQjUf3zy+cua1xdZtmtysN767nHWgov3yglz7KGXZX2VjUq+6ayvg4jJ8cyz93dKHL6b6+yXJabZwjOcwzKP0oLAXim5nZ44b1sdtN4futihy7OpR5Jjw8lGutgb9eotUPdy36ipJJ3TP2uLZrqwWjL20jyQVMdcMG/
Bulcmo7CF7bm8za38hDKcyfce+a6bOYYa6V7wXOJtoSTaXPr18KO1AMWXn2XnjfSrCnbXq7m4Pji3Q9N/
p3Bt3i5cR5zqMzHHxWK2jvp7/
htmpjr6mk4qiPC1UyaXPrpwtnjxZPI7dwl43Te5fD6797uZYznEwDWUhGwEAn9H4OGLUzLyhjlb6feRx5XmZSSnX6weFJwYuePVo/
7SFDgvqV4yX+XdP6Lr3WoH7hp8ZhXWvCHvydPUgIT3ftZOSWCocWLGs8GUmT4UFG0aiLvy4qpDesqNpb2cGj1IIRWJ9rDwj93iHTTlD3YORG+1lJXzuTKPKorn61LN/
rLx98r2LfwSHbQ5wjq5HgjKag0e7+BrI4iq4GSc/ip8/g6XMYkf6PNpzWtIWMRn+py0Wu4lpNqOhq/
a731vhYxtSgVEw9ty5c6NNLwEMl+4+cOpKQMHQSGpDRnjm6opGhJPVG7f82OYwK00suwVjXdkiqQvMNUP1Cua+ePfxD8T8jo5Ab6eUhw9Hx6z+a3/
cwuQ6hERVDWw9dt8PdsAeWe4XHeyS2oikdR1WndoaZi6FqeZtxLkO44f/
Uq0dnMLEtNzsPotDty5wiiUiUY1RU0PTk9aOMWS38J/cw3Ms5ziYg4Q67QEAgP8/
AgrG1trnDm0LT69qQTiZ/qN9tsdSLgEksEN2X6tasiAieEZ6s5i2TfCxlNUm+H1EMiLSF/
RwypPZK0gJGfNYqLmB1jmjJ0KDot+Qo9u2JCfkNDHcZ8eI6s7f+WD+zo6SuW175ZxzGph/
ngmvbB28l/IPS6gHqth+xUlkeFIxOanTAcJImSe9IydR3yc9VSGu77X7wYLdzDU4d6fP5D/
C9132jLyM+mnK1Bi2TjhaGHbMgblm0/
NdD+r6LggYznbrAys1ZFb80VnxrOVeKTe9UpiLWAaWwTF0kzyty3F1OXyE1O2jjtlHMdXW4XS8WuF2jLgcZS7lbIMJAAD/
IaDimJDtmMC+Ays5xCv9rlc6Y5l7Ltm90wpdKKR1/j2e/
3YQP909X2UV4TsQfmAAAACgu4GE1BVwKvNvl83/
2V4AAAD0SH6hhMS60gUAAAD0JH6hhAQAAAD0ZEAxFvjd6Xnff4iIn+lJsXQ71ITE9wqGAPCj+BUUPLsGRMTP9KRYuhd6nua8ZNdwP7C/
4Ym5T3KtY7TYRMe7SlNB5ro9lWMCvIykf+33IDlKsH8PPWZkAAD4FeGmVq4p0Fx65a9lKzYe/
bu4ASulOcI1au/WOVq0nwkifthr13/OuYZ+Uc+fhetxkCBlqvBHw/
2UZQFxB26+r0PYXrrjPNZsinLREkZs9ultO59ZsWJqugMIsoLfdYlJKMiMiXoj5eYB0y4LMDIAAPx0WNXKccRPp32N7NMIFgvCthopEkvzc1+U1dJffyVVnF8RdBWPRQ1cjDFVIH48ONPC57TClLV7k4aIll7ZvDzB1aLuxtOIqiBW+3QN884TkqhRwt1nnHb8/
5SzufDTHQAAAOgJsKqVo5obS+anVU3a/yJrugrLFFubu9bvRN/
wqH5hgWUcjTFXqLqbfrZOdfGhXaHDqQlvvIX8C1Xnw9tTqy6y2d+bEYw6EhKp8tZ6L6/
oIy+qRbVsFscvpGvz1F6ZrtC2SFXNm3I2VcGaQSEbi0j0xOqnifej/FFbev/
fdcNo75XSDJav7aIkebsDKj4pfrWpG5gksZdqvEwP4k0yfJvnQOIZ7iLfnBzgdjzZFMHTE01uhbG5QWLW8NbClxRUcR4ZAACA/
x9MauWo6nbS/jIN33AnSrYgk8gYbPsKGSF/
s08yftEtN62lYRwNsVbA4ASwSLSXWOvPkGGEpKWFUG3e5gNlGks52G9LSM1v01ytg+8OXZx80q53+dkEv3lPypAsh/
6+rZw9VSCbUSH7Y25W0vbTT8rUIq6fnKOCwwjKqDD9gNn9rkqStzlAOjN35ML7IxglsasLuiAZ3sfkyVIu5RFKFzg6wFGCnVh2nEURPOdyguPSXfdY3YgmBzJpeN84/
0bf7I2Pz/vlnEcGAADg/wCLWnmA/
LX7taJ6ancCjG2Scz8jnPJIj5jU9XP1hAr3Lowpm3Z02WDR6xwNtbxnrSBltnSOiu1fIdutNs0ZLFZ6ZV3QkTpd+35fj3wYwmqf3oCWkBoe/
7X6Ct7xyIkNzgpYhKxNFD9oO2Ry6vGbytmP+zezKGS7TjF1VR77Rl69j5YG+wpbVyXJ2xxoftP4uYlZErvhXkA/
3iXDs06/
W6TPsfzlpEbO2uGcJNgJz5NY4rXTD+g3nN2NQ64T2TS8ay66+iFhLiMDAADwY+GkVv4hRrcC1Z/
xDxzgnnA0WqfpXsqyUDfz2l43XPaFPDBNyrCUxtRyskX6dDqYtQK2l82Wq6mVZp5mmotp2wP8T52amDHsCLt9egPqREgT28aP3GypQL+1jpU1m2chksnp5tG3lLPPnctuYFbI/
gZdlSRvcwCvMJRFiZzUdclwfU7lr19cecjFAXYJdmLpjRzmeLkpl5+vCDIADW8AAPgITmrl21e9pm4NSziZvIj6PPFY875fdA0THYftxw9IeOram7MKALn6VpT/
Sc2wR0wViKXHfSw9Tyt6bNw8ZZBo2c2UFRGO4x+qVXOw/55Sm56QaGLbUgZyHQ/
wCcqqyyBOCelbytn9X79uROJ/MChkf4OuSpK3S6pLWLApkctU/
QfJcHaR7y8fOhMFZ6alupRFEZyrcjlp1A5mh6NS4vR4HCUAAIAfDYNaOdK0sejdekouojPOACW+byRPiZ6mUPflSx2qrm0mU6bKqi9fa3tJieOpDw683OqXQpx9krlC+c01XrtLLHbd3T6XugqGrCwHNuoNjS1gs28imfi+GhHoCQknriiB6ivrOuZbYl1FHRefO9e9Fmw6N2XHAUaF7G/
QdUnyNrMclcixmv9VMrwd7pLeHCTYuSiCc1QuF2RxeIkDKcKgS64BAAD8QGhq5bheQsRKMonh9V1yI+3PvvFq+xgqx41UijPJKLs1UwGDmj4+etv88cl4tVTGCpbUiy+hYQPbtdWE+5hoY9BbMvU5Ckb77RvUyVpAacRolfqsUy/
qbEfQdH4aXubcqur0iXDuCtbNLArZlAwiIIxHTXUEjq8nf7ckOYMk9lUJLOnv/yoZ/
u3QOEmwc1AEVzSxVCUlc3eDweGnbwk4riMDAADwY+GsVh66onJZ5NkLhdFD+lMntbpnJx9S5rp5e3NmKtFnxLpbgZMiP81K3THfoPWOh8iw8JyLHo1tU1lrhSTfp4vCH+c+/
EQ0UKP1Uv/y6ksykh+i9OkRk/
3bNZTdROHWhxpEhixaaZ7s777C6uRae+VPZ8I9thUipNVZIFwVrHexKWTn/N0ki/
L3pR41ctYUE1MZMEiVYUHvv0qSNz6KtA98yyyJHZKxKG/
Kwv8qGf7t0DhJsHNQBM8pGWuCdrK6MaF8zZjZrA47jzu9J4TLyAAAAPxQOKuVxy1Y/
PVVmnXwhNktkdN0CHmpoUkl6guvbpxpIdU6P1XVy2NQY7+Rlv3/
thQaRpcw1zO17rgF0VrBOmD5miODVi2wnfspxHWgSOmN1PANRRKOB/YvvGpjw2j/g/pCVLgF2/
bYN17L6+i5Kg/vOf021eKVR8wL2+oVM/
dip6FwU7AWZFfIDlmXPLjOO26a5Tr2t23+qyQ5TYn8DLMkdri9OuG2wLL/
Khn+zdA4SrBzUgRPPREyYiWLG7Kfq9kddpAav+baPM4jAwAA8EPholYuhkUbrx2W9AmJmX2oFknpTAg9sS2iPRsxQe6QMOeE0MCQc5fwS0KSVs/
d14iQVF+rhTv+jJ2qKzGJzb6jxhbU8WIsTtY85Fh+SIcl3zm0Px2i4+xyRNwUrAU5KGSffs35RSrMf5QkF+htH3PMnk0SW2hIlyTDuYt88yzBjjjHq8vmBmeHTcO4jQwAAMAPhataORLWckk458JpDxWpiZda7/
roMUqYc6qAFK2W789dzqt9eP8FAAAA4AsgIQEAAAB8wU9MSCBJDgAAAHQAV0gAAAAAXwAS5sDvTs/7/
kNE/
ExPiqXbAQlz4Lem50lKQ0T8TE+KpXvpTMIcAAAAAP7PQEICAAAA+AJISAAAAABfAAkJAAAA4AsgIQEAAAB8ASQkAAAAgC+AhAQAAADwBZCQAAAAAL4AEhIAAADAF0BCAgAAAPgCSEgAAAAAXwAJCQAAAOALICEBAAAAfAEkJAAAAIAvgIQEAAAA8AWQkAAAAAC+ABISAAAAwBeAhDnwu9Pzvv8QET/
Tk2LpdjhLmDfcD+xveGLuk1zrGC2r51FvHgRo/fdLqaaCzHV7KscEeBlJY7/
L1+8zWHtlukqnsXyzwv/HT+D/
Ss+TlIaI+JlfIRZS2d5RSnPuMhYNTnp7z1+j4XHakgURe++WNIn3tV24LjnKUUOIsRa5hkMFXgs1hb8tYY4VU9MdQJAV/
K6MTijIjIl6I+Xm0V3z8n8z2C2xdIluDxwAAOD/w6Cg9BVDReifBeSNFNDHzLkWXqf6eG/IHC/
9cveKVZOsm28/Wm8i3taAyKnC/aWFbrwVtvbUqU+iRgl3n3HaQW5paEQiIr/
OHShyC2ZQzN1nv47DAAAAPw1BNUvX6eMl27cJT1etPFZnlnpyi4caDqGxujUDDP8MOxF0YaYS/
XSb8GIbe4Wg2OqPvBWG0btpm6FJlbfWe3lFH3lRLaplszh+YTOttPbKdIW2VazqnAlydp/ijky/
vzY+80G52opHjxcUrQ9YuTX7yacWQRWTORHbNngMlqBcgDQVnY4LDN+e/
aCEgMUiEolmyk8T70f5o7b0/r/
rhglTS2gGP2+8svDJipD0u6U4jXGhuzNCh5fvW+IesvNuKVIds2JPhi8uIzQq/fSd/
LIGJKpuOis83u7CeMcjdcwGB5afimHzpIbZYZkRutV3BeJosRA/
X9+4nMnslnXuWlyODGM4khrGTiHpiSa3wvzWZNwsrMfI6Dn4J2wJs1PFk77mblnkF5uZV0KgZHJlLXxJQRXnwAEAAPgdMqmpoRErLCxAXVRqLjp/
/A0yCrdTwdF2ig6YNlkjIenA/eqZdtKIa4XE+DSERkbyUJj0nrZBT0jNb9NcrYPvDl2cfNKud/
nZBL95T8qQLAcf7630lQxOPvfvULHa0nsLjWfsFXGJSo82li67sC7Qy6xMLP/
YVIFsd0OnfQITQjYdNVchfszNStp++kmZWsT1k3NUcBhBGRWmVcfHMbPWmy9MyFxadzl+cYTjjArLd9fE3RMPBVadXxuwenJA75UyuBHe8T59lcUJb6+khHtMrNybs/
vrmLnvl7cZVK4+5WXssJvNE3tmh8svLhlzt5DeK/
Hr6wJms9b1KvfdOARMLDvOGE7Jkys5lxMcl+6613d+YpaLVt2dbcGr7c2+XHsUTQ60W3R8QNDmE7baQtWFz2+cf6Nv9sbHp8NP5sABAAD4lqYcexkh6s0u6YHOy/
7cshCbV4gUZ/SXarv7IKRmqI4Ib56UNdlJC1K2CYWcKiBKmpHR56WQQClsak1IDY//
Wn0F73jkxAZnBUolaxPFD9oOmZy8FBiRsDfcsTcOEZ7tsNtbYZ7y6qCnBtWGjZl6eT/byNTH/
ZuX7qscteXlcV8tPLXFBNcppq7KY9/Iq/fR0mBfMSNqhmfv8aLumKDzIUd/
7faqnW8Oz1OlpM7xWm9PG+7OHf4u3VSstfK4MdpFmo4ZBZPFcEi4zSDhWWTgbg6e/
GNjxOgwku8j0X4nR7Cv+5aUdh/
oZjdenyTN5h7heRJLOHb6Af2Gk2wzziTPpFodbz2waaBh4spDrhPzKpRmxUV6jBCl1rN1motqLrr6dfgJAADwC4DBK46cE+g6ekR/
BWzp3wcSosPGPn0XIlODxOXFce2VhKR6iaC35TVE+nZLzadatgq0DyK8FIpQ0hAi0hNSS+mdq8X4kZstFegzNlbWbJ6FSCanm0c6diPlqXaIZTezXyGjiInqrVMtRsZ4irFQxrlz2Q0FGJNo1z543mLXcx2jQjchpDpMDSGpyVbKdEeF1A3U0J8Fr29ty0hIOnrrn0+NbT48K+vfYYCbJxcffx3O4DALpC+5yStCWc0OYK1GLL2RwxwObaywIzbYtnpJud6c6qoev/
V8RZBBr9J0bx/VoFn21qYDlUXgOQYAAH5BML1s1u+2ad2wc3IcNk3HKS2O8ln7x/
dNncWJtWU1SMpATrC9VFBWXQZxSkhisqK0ibilqrgKoQezlLCzmPb3f/26EYn/
oSjK67NsIlLtMzdWAIdh2Mbg8DhEuupme1V27PL4wymDVXuJEp/
Hjpt6q6GZ4bFJbp4MKq8lMjjMREvR7skWvo/MOjHbWrG6tBqJ6zCEQxsr8T/
khNtLBKRVZVDdJ9KoHRfTxIPiY2fvWYmQpP70qJQ4PR4HAQAAgD/
BKljOMxPOyqacudd+arseQohMqKpsQOIKEq3zq4CEgjh6zlKB9qGBl8IG6gccPSHhxBUlUH1lXXsFRKyrqOPiHn0ixklQmgiYbb253UKC0XfBpnNTdhwoKasnI/
Hvf76aniAsN2fETlOgWaspITSw1OHmiYiyfP75DoeZzFZc33G5xXJ/
Z2bpCEgqS6FaxnBo3dWWVTS2l7R8Lf6KxPpKCUoOmb/5wvxNTZ/
zr2VtDPRf4kCKMPiO4AEAAPgAMrGF/mRa2eN/
q0gmorRLBkJR3nskrK+v2HodI6RuqI4Oslag8oWnQmGEGgXpCUlAacRolfqsUy/
qbEfQbtc0vMy5VdXpE+ECyub22i1JFz/IersoMi5OEZrttMlxW468c/
VpW+bCCAjjUVMdoetvg9FbSEq3Xo6Qq+8fvFaLxJgMcvUEVedzM9vSSCDjZVnNcqiJUzJjCUdA0cRSlZS843yp8wzaql1Dftbh97ihEbqirdEKyumN9YlffTjd+elbAu6/
BQ4AAPCTIDUTsfj2haWWD9nbrjUJWUW6vYtMTc0umkm75V//
bH9WIX5kjEHbg+F4NZtJ2iiWpcKo5XM/xu/kpXAkar6MWh9qEBmyaKV5sr/
7CquTa+2VP50J99hWiBC3x6BpCA1ctNFth8PkUZNXLp9lqilU8/HN4ytnXlts3eW/YXaqo6/
ppKIoTwtVcumzKzl/N8mi/
H2pR42cNcXEVAYMUuV1QY+eX85Fb7ltsNQQ82zPYrd9FQiJCasP10BH2g3q+nP2ZIsiN7NyI+z/
aIhlNcsxTD32cErGmqCd88b7VIQ7a9Xd3R4cW6Dpv3NC+Zoxs9+OcrU16NdbpOrhvlVXSTohzuNO7wn5L4EDAAD8HBofR4yamTfU0Uq/
jzyuPC8zKeV6/aDwxMAFrx7tn7bQYUH9ivEy/
+4JXfdeK3Df8DOjsO4VYU+erh4kpOe7dlISS4UDK5YVvszkqbBgw0jU9tg3Xsvr6LkqD+85/
TbV4pVHzAvb6hUz92KnXmPl7ZPvXfwjOGxzgHN0PRKU0Rw82sXXQFZQYWJabnafxaFbFzjFEpGoxqipIeuSB9d5x02zXNf113EM1yQOPBo7SiEUifWx8ozc4x025YyA5pzNa67NYzDI0RPcB25GhfSWHU17OzOY2SzHqjj2cEJTT4SMWOkXHeyS2oikdR1WndoaZi77udpI6kxGeObqikaEk9Ubt/
zY5nAHqfHMfsJ7SAAA8DcCCsbW2ucObQtPr2pBOJn+o322x8Z4DpPADtl9rWrJgojgGenNYto2wcdSVpvg9xHJiEhf0MMpT2avICVkzGOh5gZa561O4GTNQ47lh3R45TuH9udAVduCk+SEnCbmxSe8snXwXso/
rAEJqttHHbOPYio7/TqMtRqrQamJl0iM271cr9N/9Cls2c6O0rn0KkOYDXL0RJ/JvrhlRywYUd35Ox/
MZzP712JWJ7mEo5ty0yuFqaS3fcwx+xjWtqZhHAIHAADgVwRUHBOyHRPYd2Alh3il3/
VKZyxzzyW7d1qhC4W0zr/HcwAAAADoLiAhAQAAAHwBJCQAAACAL4CEBAAAAPAFoBgL/O70vO8/
RMTP9KRYuh3OirEA8JvwKyh4dg2IiJ/pSbF0L/
Q8DUt2AAAAAF8ACQkAAADgCyAhAQAAAHwBJCQAAACAL4CEBAAAAPAFkJAAAAAAvgASEgAAAMAXQEICAAAA+AJISAAAAABfAAkJAAAA4AsgIQEAAAB8ASQkAAAAgC+AhAQAAADwBZCQAAAAAL4AEhIAAADAF0BCAgAAAPgCSEgAAAAAXwAS5sDvTs/
7/kNE/ExPiqXboUuY11yZrmL1POrNgwAtni+ZGu4H9jc8MfdJrnWMVlfbstFUkLluT+WYAC8jaex/
NvJ9NgnP1hianlnw8LqP3D+HEuNTss7e+udzMxLTMJ0WtC7RZ3jTvlFKc+4ythic9Ob80P1zZ64+W0hWHRu6Z3+4pRyOtodYmuUyeIX2ycdRLcF6jsXrnx+drNhtcQHdSc+TlIaI+Bl+i6Uhf2d49MHLN289KKxDQza/
y1uoIUAq28s+17061nurX8yxuy/eVTYijHR/69kr1q+dqy/BnFybS6/8tWzFxqN/
FzdgpTRHOC9bblGWtYt5LvXWK85in2CNe+E6JMyxYmq6Awiygv8lc39P23YIBZkxUW+k3Dy6MSF1ySap/
FTohlK7QzM1BZqfHghPuCjv4rY2QE+24dnhdev9Rj2tf5ylRKk2KCh9xVARehMB+QFvIyasLfO8UrIAv9vJclqQ5eudoyUoCb769uqgvy03pQ0XEycGLtMcuGLjY/
vYtmYAAAD8AbnuyZ7Us8V6I8eZ1xy5zrSLea4z6lWdVUD6wzFg7iANqZbiO/vWbXIbWYB/
eWKmCq6tBfHTaV8j+zSCxYKwrUaKxNL83Id3U8Oy7qkxz6Vf9pntZp9gn7b2RPuvqFHC3Wf/
MSSubcktDY1IROSXuEvV/Hb/2rOiU6+bSmMQqY/
XueJILVk8fdfsiZqmff03bnsSgZCgmqXr9PGSrY2a/
lnrVzF4hbeJkiLGY8nwqOXnCgijBwsRXmzyP6QZeX+8HCUPYvtMXmy8fHHi9eX7bKXhSh0AAD4CIzfl0pepWAypZKfJketNDHuY5zoqIcfPtH+eO9tKqP+IpG1XP0+f2bb4U3M7bH5a1aT9L7Kmq7TO+qSa9+829maZS7ecDbpYHDuAdYKlb9Eb1jIs2VXnTJCz+5SQPfdh1Jr998pbZAbPjsvY5jlQDEOqvLXeyyv6yItqUS2bxfELm9vaKjC3jTsy/
f7a+MwH5WorHj1eULQ+YOXW7CefWgRVTOZEbNvgMZh6lddUdDouMHx79oMSAhaLSCSaKT9NvB/
lj9rS+/+uGybcGjpjTUkNY6eQ9ESTW2F+azJuFtZjZPQc/
BO2hNmp4klfc7cs8ovNzCshUJKksha+pKCKyWZe7pQ7wR0V9G0CMw4sG0TvpbngcOojGfvN+qKUDayEhhbDYcArG5v0RsnvKmjhkklNDY1YYWGBtuTSth5M/
0tGLUX7A/5s8bs0V7P14lPR2m1YzcJtN7/a2MtARgIAgJ/
AYLnNSmxzHSN4WTVpap2OkqrbSfvLNHzDnSjZiEwi0+xynEufVIirtWUj1DHB0re4XL/
cW7VQeVXajaLBuKdbZzl4u/
QxeRImvtvVOvju0MXJJ+16l59N8Jv3pAzJcmq70lcyOPncv0PFakvvLTSesVfEJSo92li67MK6QC+zMrH8Y1MFst0NnfYJTAjZdNRchfgxNytp++knZWoR10/
OUcFhBGVUhFptEcuOM9YseXIl53KC49Jd9/
rOT8xy0aq7sy14tb3Zl2uPosmBdouODwjafMJWW6i68PmN82/
0zd74+Lxf3mpT4PUKA8YKN69X1RPbe7lx9AV+WIyuKIdwWkpzbxUjDS8N4TOoKcdeRoh6DKQHOi/
7c4uflZVszOYdebYeuD0b88TNVvURrLy4MuyfSXuy9NvyKcLKGY3Xrvvz8NN6e3MxzqMNAADAV7DMdcvHKFFzBbGxrqG5ubb43v7l8c/
lph0dK9d2O4Tw7tr9WlE9tTsBxjbJuZ8RTnmkR0zq+rl6Yh35rHUuXaAhzNBRWyF6mY24JiQxy407gsbKUUwpBSXM2GyedTp/
XOnqK3jHIyc2OCtQfLA2Ufyg7ZDJqa3AiIS94Y69cYjwbIfd3grzlFcHPTWo/diYqZf3s41Mfdy/
eem+ylFbXh731aIlygmuU0xdlce+kVfvo6XB6BHheRJLTTv9gH7DSbYZZ5JnUnpA460HNg00TFx5yHViXoXSrLhIjxG0pGLrNBfVXHT1Q8KtNpvfHLvHWqGdxoIbr5Cqbx8O+YhYfHjpynui4/
a4DVCsmhPoOnpEfwVs6d8HEqLDxj79euvi/hCvWaZKK0m9LUP2rbMQeBgWcGZI/
OPRjKtzgr2H9RWqfPCgrMX8Ox77AAAA+H+AwSuOZJvr7jxIGCFec95FfkIObWVPxnbj9XQnxfYbSM2V7ytR/
Rn/
wAHuCUejdZrupSwLdTOvlftnj31r0mqfS+f1F2zvq6Pw7JxViGtC6mc7rG19SVBRRxGdfvX8+v1i/
MjNlgp041hZs3kWIpmcbh7p2I2Up7pJLLuZ/
QoZRUxUb+0EI2M8xVgo49y57IYCjEm0ax88h9aMEEtv5DDXbCm9c7UYO2KDrXLrQIgOmOqqHr/
1fEWQQa/SdG8f1aBZ9tamA5VFWJ5jwCsM5V6B8On9FyStKsM6GOTa+7FOc44Jz8hKn6Emj1u/
26Z1h52T47BpOk5/
Rd4NPne2cFVrafObTY4p4sG3XeVLji2e6rv1dqnogBkJB1NmyahKo4cFn5sRJCQAAPgcTC8b9rkuPCf43JReIxKvXF1WV1WYm5kQGWAxXerB4XkarZMzmUi98TIs4WTyIuo8N9a87xddw8S1J+LGz1fFMc2lqm1ZjKlQZQ61iMsMKSja8dQcFoehXKlVl9YgKQO5jtQmKKsugzglJDFZUVqHLVXFVQg9mKWEncW0v/
/r141I/A9F0W/
eUWmpLq1G4joMNYm1ZTWUtnLC7SUClESC6j6RRu24mCYeFB87e89KhCT1p0elxOkx2pKwSGKtsGWRsQw1LZFJLURKmAIsOYzwKm2a9apnJutzU11745j3YRUs55kJZ92/
9a5xijz9SRRS2cng6LLZx336fjlqNzdD/
q9nX8YVRpk5TPtr+DaKaWIziY8e9gQAAOAFprlORm+kBXVeHWtvq13RZ3po4oOpm41pEyBOQlECIVkbi96tOUVEZ5yJZOKlu+8JlITEaS7lOMHyesqOE6d0V19ZR2wvIdZV1HGpTM8WNA8FzLbe3G4hwRifYNO5KTsOlJTVk5F45zlJQFJZCtUy1qTZrC2raGwvafla/
BWJ9ZUSlBwyf/OF+ZuaPudfy9oY6L/
EgRRhwGgMy1ZBzPBtqqkYxV2hXvKiKP9TLSW4tnFp+XjU29IrRyXoyvGAgZxuLZGJLSSGV9zINbejl92y2PjUWLzhxqn7graZk3Wkxft4u/
XZnn23ULUWSSlLwuURAAC/
HCxzHQ2szEAjVXThZXkTJfVQC4TUDPtg0AfG024yZQODxVDmUl+2uZTbBMvrJCmgNGK0Sn3WqRd1tiNot+YbXubcquq0uYCyub12S9LFD7LeLkyvhRKa7bTJcVuOvHP1aVuLwwgI41FTHYH5IgKnZMZSU0DRxFKVlLzjfKnzDNqqXUN+1uH3uKERbc8jYATl9Mb6xK8+nO789C0Bx26TocKTV1UkUzGKZ8Lqw9XRpScfm5AO7QqQVHk1ZKzLbvKcwxdiLGTorpOaiVh8+3VSy4fsbdeahCzMNem35wj5m/
33q0Xcs5PHoloy45tvZNTy+eXrGqG+Q3sLIgAAAD6H41xnNkqd8VGEpqLLZ9+g3hN7tz1/hpUznW6A/
M5eKIwe0p86Wdc9O3m7BqczoDBy7HTmuZTjBNsKz2ftIkMWrTRP9ndfYXVyrb3ypzPhHtsKEdLqrInQwEUb3XY4TB41eeXyWaaaQjUf3zy+cua1xdZd/
htmpzr6mk4qivK0UCWXPruS83eTLMrfl3rUyFlTTExlwCBV2jKdkB57zZKxJmjnvPE+FeHOWnV3twfHFmj675xQvmbM7LejXG0N+vUWqXq4b9VVkk6I87jTe0JabeI+Za3YUGbKVCHMUJY+Fng1y9GKoZduFDZZ6gmi5rdpUyasf9FrfNTopmtZB+ixEEtOxaaVmzha6feRx5XnZSalXK8fFB49jvrcByJ+OLhkPcHn4rw+1OEU/
cPeoGnhX5n5+jZF23e+7eMo+iAZO9hniAS3cQIAAPgpkKrzL5x9VNny5U4ZJffknjjUS5747uDq3fWjnZjmuiCXm45GGUNsRuhqKgrXvLlxcEtGnvCYbc73LbGGFWFPnq4eJKQ5M947zjp4wuyWyGk6hLzU0KQPyhPM97r9yTKXooZnW/
xYJ1i8Ev0v78tIeC2vo+eqPLzn9NtUi1ceMS9sq1fM3IudNsHK2yffu/
hHcNjmAOfoeiQoozl4tIuvgaygwsS03Ow+i0O3LnCKJSJRjVFTQ9YlD67zjptmuY7pPSQce83Q1BMhI1b6RQe7pDYiaV2HVae2hpnLfq42kjqTEZ65uqIR4WT1xi0/
tjncQWr8mmvz6DaVp0dNk7rGXCF0UFt2Fx00x0kp5cj5olA9bYGmD7cfNlBG7UyEe8eLYEjVabZ+5YVt4elVLQgn03+0z/
bYGM9h1Osy8pdLYaHPJ+46OJh+Mwmr5JKSfn2yj57cfJF+Lonpo+85bRq+dpwyy20oAACAn0zLhyz/
qRGvWrf2LJ61h3olMc5ckGWuc1O7G3tl7b6U1ds/
NyIkpmpgs+JQ7EoXiUM7yIhIf40UI2218dphSZ+QmNmHapGUzoTQE+usjprmINTIPJfSYZlgjel/
6AlJ3PJAVdsqk+SEnCbGVS5832XPyMtoH8XMQ47lh3Ts8qU9F4G4t6W+9WQdvJfyD6s3gur2Ucfso5jKTr8O4zBinGrqptz0SmEq6W0fc8w+hrWtaRiTzfANHOzTEDPw9+2/
I/nAK98wXTGzXRXkXdxqsoORsdlV/
IGxBK8xZWvulK3Uj+QvOVMjm8elOqnCHSQAAPgMQb3wf8nhvNQcF7F/
XARbqXsu2b1jS1jLJeGcSwLD/ok8z6X0m1QwTdIR/
MM7xv6vhetu+qdZSXXfDyq0FGbGnJX3vz5BAX5bFQAAoHMgIbWCVXDYfkboHq6F1PGo3fdDxOguP5ZtORh+WBUAAOBbQEJqR0B++ITx3WxTSN3cQb2bbQIAAPRMICEBAAAAfAEoxgK/
Oz3v+w8R8TM9KZZuh64YCz9qA/ym8JuC5/
cDEfEzPSmW7gWesgMAAAD4CEhIAAAAAF8ACQkAAADgCyAhAQAAAHwBJCQAAACAL4CEBAAAAPAFkJAAAAAAvgASEgAAAMAXQEICAAAA+AJISAAAAABfAAkJAAAA4AsgIQEAAAB8ASQkAAAAgC+AhAQAAADwBZCQAAAAAL4AEhIAAADAF0BCAgAAAPgCkDAHfnd63vcfIuJnelIs3c73S5g3FWSu21M5JsDLSBrbXV4BwP+JnicpDRHxM/
wVS0vBxmHaS56ylMrMvlq0Z2TNlb+Wrdh49O/iBqyU5gjXqL2bHb/
sWhYQd+Dm+zqE7aU7zmPNpigXLeH2Zg35O8OjD16+eetBYR0asvld3kINWnqpeZy2ZEHE3rslTeJ9bReuS45y1MBX3U9hNeWqLYK6Y8mOUJAZE/
VGys0DEhIAAMCvA07Rfn2m4ueWtu26B/Fe616ZuujWnfY1sk8jWCwI22qkSCzNz33x8d/
9M119TitMWbs3aYho6ZXNyxNcLepuvNhsKkFvS657sif1bLHeyHHmNUeut1kkfsyca+F1qo/
3hszx0i93r1g1ybr5Ro5BnAWbKXp9uIcEAADwW4IR6zt2ct/2zepLpxeSxcd5D/
1nlVFa1aT9L7Kmq7RliMqj1mF1qosP7QodTr2SGW8h/
0LV+fC+5wmmI0TptuSmXPoyFYshlew0OXK9id6K8GLbymN1Zqknt3io4RAaq1szwPBP/
xX9HrObaqQ1aE9ITUWn4wLDt2c/
KCFgJTWMnULSE01uhfmtybhZWI+R0XPwT9gSZqeKJ33N3bLILzYzr4SAkKiyFr6koIra3E8T70f5o7b0/
r/rhnVcxQEAAAC/Al/vpGR/kbLzHpS/
aVqZhm+4EyUbkUlkDJZ6zwuDE8Ai0V5iOHpdjJC0tBDC4bEM98MwWNabY81F54+/
QUbhdir0ZqIDpk3WSEg8+gKh/
qymGBMSsey4u6HTPoEJIZuOmqsQS55cybmc4Lh0172+8xOzXLTq7mwLXm1v9uXao2hyoN2i4wOCNp+w1RaqLnx+4/
wbfbM3Pj7vl18/OUcFhxGUURH6gSMGAAAA/ADIX24l51TLOHoO/
XLpfq2ontqdAGOb5NzPCKc80iMmNdFh6RwV279CtlttmjNYrPTKuqAjdUNWeuiLdGaTUJhXiBRn9Jdqu5sjpGaojlDDaFPyVVZT6FE4ak1IhOdJS/
dVjtry8rivFp5aMMFOP6DfcJJtxpnkmb0peWy89cCmgYaJKw+5TsyrUJoVF+lBv0yzdZqLai66+iFhefU+Whqw/
gcAAPALQq68nnyuVm6qp7FI5Y5KVH/GP3CAe8LRaJ2meynLQt3Ma7P/Sb2aWmnmaaa5mFofO8D/
1OVQ/
c5Xw1pqPtUicXlxXFsBRkiqlwgSHBKXM3O9DbOpCYptCYlYeiOnAGMS7doH32an9M7VYuyIDbbKrZZEB0x1VY/
fer4iyKBXabq3j2rQLHtr04HKIvAcAwAAwC8O+fPV7RfqFebMNxRHfxNJlJJhCSeTF2lREsRY875fdA0T/
d1KCaduKHps3DxlkGjZzZQVEY7jZW5dixwu3uWn2EuPe1tufKXKbIq+i5qQWqpLq5G4jqJou2FibVkNEv9DTri9REBaVQbVfSKN2nExTTwoPnb2npUISepPj0qJ0/
v+0QAAAAB+FqTyS9svNyp7ug8VQxgJRQmEZG0sercueYnojDMRSjx46hKy2JW3fS7tfpCV5cBGvaFrg477XJ6lxPWyREBCQRw9/
1RDbCsgE6oqG1DLu+cVFrseM5t6S/GCnpAEJJWlUG1JWT0ZtSY7HNWl2rKKxvaSlq/
FX5FYXylBySHzN1+Yv6npc/61rI2B/
kscSBEGP2yYAAAAgB8MqexC8tUmVf95+qKUDTXDPhj0gcTwthSZRKD+kTUYKNu2+ibcx0QbR3zzoqwZKXF9bkBI3VAdHXz8bxXJRJSWtQhFee9pe9TYTL0lomZ6QsIpmdlpk+O2HHnn6kNftRNQNLFUJSXvOF/
qPIO2ateQn3X4PW5ohC79CT+EEZTTG+sTv/
pwuvPTtwQcaqoj8M3LXgAAAADPEEvOJl9v0Vg2eyD1EQWsnOl0A+R39kJh9JD+1HxQ9+zkbVq9ir8ffiIaqNESSf3Lqy+JSFlLtrMnB/
BqNpO0UWxqdtFML+ojBvXP9mcVIkk5XHUxmylEy0Y0a0J6/
htmpzr6mk4qivK0UCWXPruSUzLWBO2cN96nItxZq+7u9uDYAk3/nRPK14yZ/XaUq61Bv94iVQ/
3rbpK0glxHnd6T8i+1KNGzppiYioDBqmKwi9jAAAA/
BoQi08n3yRprZylR39EQUBzZrx3nHXwhNktkdN0CHmpoUkf1D02T8n1W7fAdu6nENeBIqU3UsM3FEk4LCl3xmO+hj15unqQEKk6/
8LZR5UtX+6UIdSSe+JQL3m8zICZayYlzVjosKB+xXiZf/
eErnuvFXhln0yAySoWU46o5gSu7bFvnMLEtNzsPotDty5wiiUiUY1RU0NTT4SMWOkXHeyS2oikdR1WndoaZi77udpI6kxGeObqikaEk9Ubt/
zY5nAHqfFrrs2Lm2a5Dt5DAgAA+KVoKTqV+jfqHzVDp23pDSNttfHaYUmfkJjZh2qRlM6E0BPbIib2/
qIrtyQkafXcfY0ISfW1Wrjjz7U298YGItozEBQ7H7L8p0a8arWxZ/
GsPQhprXzybPe15CULIoJnpDeLadsEH0tZPVoDd+4SnsVUrPtgScTwYqygun3UMfsoJk91U256pTCV9LaPOWYfwxqRadjp12HdN0AAAADA/
wcBTd88si9LobCWS8I5lwSmMkWr5ftzlzPX088lu7d+FNQL/5cczqkHr/
S7XunfMkU3A68OAQAAAHwBJCQAAACAL4CEBAAAAPAFkJAAAAAAvgAUY4HfnZ73/YeI+JmeFEu38/
2KsQDwC8NfCp7dAUTEz/
SkWLoXep6GJTsAAACAL4CEBAAAAPAFkJAAAAAAvgASEgAAAMAXQEICAAAA+AJISAAAAABfAAkJAAAA4AsgIQEAAAB8ASQkAAAAgC+AhAQAAADwBZCQAAAAAL4AEhIAAADAF0BCAgAAAPgCSEgAAAAAXwAJCQAAAOALICEBAAAAfAEkJAAAAIAvAAlz4Hen533/
ISJ+pifF0u10VcK8OmeCnF1F8sc7bsrY7vWkqSBz3Z7KMQFeRtK8WmZpUntluorV86g3DwK0uuvCr6X8WlJwaNKR2+9rEVZcse8QUzu3NWvddUV4N/
E9XjXkLeprtOlj26aQrPYQ0wkz/ZZ5WqsLd8eX+geM2K9Gz5OUhoj4Gf6KhVTz7FBifErW2Vv/
fG5GYhqm04LWJfoYy2DJNY/TliyI2Hu3pEm8r+3CdclRjhpCHAsZzfHeikOhpjB/
SZgTCjJjot5IuXnwnpBYmmDF1HQHEGQFu+38o/
5e+OjRsW+HzAlNHq8n3VD8z8NrJ44ffLzCTVeE9z6+2yuswaq9YcNEWhq+lr7KO5ORvGjs1rSl5y4nWMt28ykBAAC/
Fc1vD4QnXJR3cVsboCfb8OzwuvV+o57WP70y88lcC69Tfbw3ZI6Xfrl7xapJ1s237y8tdGMrfLTeRLzNGPFjJo+tOBbSjfBPQuoMcktDIxIR+YazokYJd591Y6919zZtz5d0zb60y74XPZ24LQrf2ELs2hV3l71iDVZIzdRhko0E3QG/
FaGHPYwmr5+yeMyrveN68fu1P28HDgCAnwG+j9e54kgtWTx9c/ZETdO+/
hs3Hiy7dKzOLPXkFg81HEJjdWsGGP4ZFFv9ka0w7ETQhZlK9BNjwottK3lrxdkU3QX6VEH6mrtlkV9sZl4JgTKDKuvbBCTaHLENVDpbdsJWklajIddf2/
jcgue3DSkb5NqnafMdV+3OK8comXgk7NwwS4dyydBUdDouMHx79oMSAlZSw9gpJD3R5FaY35qMm4X1GBk9B/
+ELWF2qnjaot+nhOy5D6PW7L9X3iIzeHZcRmLftf3HHqlDyE8T70fpQW3plY0vbFw+xR2Zfn9tfOaD8t6eSd7E4xmn7+SXNSBRddNZ4fF2F8Y7MjW5llzsMKF9AYpc/
Tg9iLfet3kOFOMwtTd/
La5CUhq9RRn3YQVwqKnwVEzAyq3ZTz61CKqYzInYtsFjsEQNF8vkq4zLYp151R6s2opH+TGDhdg9on6FVJ3XbbY/
7HJo3YW4P8TSApnccJM7PFrDE6W+v+amgqPXb3wUojt0u8n5V3GELWw+M5vuxLfytfsn3Yled+xFlQDjEec+DjzFAgDAzwQroaHFsIlXNjbpjTbfOJD1BhmF27XOIaIDpk3WSEiMT0NoZCRzYdKB+9Uz7aSpBc1F54/
z2Iqzqfe0DVpCqrkRaLfo+ICgzSdstYWqC5/
fvP6lnthJGA9Xz1hvHbw5Jxr7ZNfyoDmWzUrPt+tfczd02icwIWTTUXMVYsmTKzmXExyX7rrXd35ilotW3Z1twavtzb5ce/
TXEKqFe6sWKq9Ku1E0GPd06ywHbxfN3Mt393wZNuf98usn56jgMIIyEo9nUqqt9JUMTj7371Cxry9zUrJGeMf79FUWJ7y9khLuMbFyb87ur2PmdjSR+te33cWW9ztcR3pe5a33PiZPorTy3DXM9pucKc8eJ9lqQ7SfpQ66tG1R+NDEhRONNCTow0f6dMrL2GG3iEtUerSxdNmFdYFeZmVi+f9r707gYsz/
OID/ZqbpmEqSytWhkCNJByIlVjmyrhyrHKWTjdBBUo5Wjpa0sbqkyEZR1rnu/
rRrw65sB3IXSkK6j5n5z1HpmDL25fXa51Wf96sXM7/
n+X2f3++ZPJ9mnidPsnUblb2a7Lj2R9U42Qp2D2Y730RKY+YNJ6cve1gMK3ik1HwYmXudRhOHqPOvFy3tIxhuVc6RhGeKU4KKvEbath7zt+KO7Y6vh/
LWxKw4Q/q9iKVTBa94uH5aO/
tBzLkAAGXUFaSnvSQ9Brx5k6M6ZYBCwykBKTUjdUJ4gaGo16Kx+vG9wpqpXSV5z6tf3HpBVBeI00t0KV5jjTCQat/
cuVXcw27bRsdRLP5yq5mLOa9jLrQzbpXVKXHeg3jDsBw3lJul4+MfP9N8d/y7MXsfpCzTEhx/
pkzV8+hvzLE6fC7cthfv0Dh5gm6NrtHO9Sd8flXlLZa1CDngNbE7761HD68dC8LMki6XeRjJMYi0snpfLQ3+oD7e4/
0hMWrHIf/p/P5EfeXPExsHMOkb7TzN6YefzJFt2qUst3GFyru7Ay6KvfXEM8/
83AmdQRiMpm+GJAeuOBz8+1TPnXajdxIirznym1kOa1YaX1wdW2wWkZvgJNio5Vj1N/
2tNkbetxwhurLHSDFH1WSy7aPL9tGUIWkFjz6aRdxrPowDP1x0MqUviTr3aokT/
91wVXZ8wvNulp63NrqLGvMkczHHRh8ZFLnajP8TzegVUSEnNR3842d/
E9r2fhB7LgBADeyXSWvW32ZNCp1d6XG1XFmu8V8vTUqhm+CBTItGGfL0TWn9W5e60qIyIidOrzZKkUrCFgYSU2W4YbeCaBe3Pl521hNMdXvKfOZsef+507UlhQ8lNafNG+i96UBE0ROaSaBN34afhusK/
rj2kj5ql1XP+s2yhsyzUd++70xOhQO/
gpWBYv2xX1JVR5WceVpca9R6QzpTRyvX9+e8Tw9f5xt6Iu1+UVXD0szCAaIH+C+2LmsaVciNal6GJm+w5szzRRkXUk5dSr1+5XzyLpfkXfwFYwK+Va8/
L0JTHDl3pNThSxkfjNuo3BhInxlVk8l+Vl0l/
09d51bD+EfKxdGUsSjq7EsHF3VGZdbho3ndra2rrh0lI0SN2UzcsVmPUa1fwFAeM02H4xsTWZwruqbxF84FAP5r3LI7QTMXJUsvSIxewFzo8Z+NQ3A4kTcPvRQl57U9aGHcekK66H23ab+ffDudFHopNB5tJHhPSM39+2+JnJHqp7Mt7LLCUiI3sPunq5MluvZRJOVFJXX8J5KsT1ed0XlvS9i1HFGXQsoqsYQbqsuLnWO+7O5Yn+1JEcP6dGOxs4ImzUurrG3j+smvs3UhSeVh1k68L94byrykpUPnHC4hJM2uB92u2VpD35SxP1f5M6NqnOzncMryHwseZIoYRoXSfKexEnbRZ/
OXuqpkHjqWrzx9oXaJKyF/tTVm8cYm2/hDCoP3hPeKZxURkttWTbHnAgD/uercqPkTNmSa/
JgeadOLc0VFjmQVlTYeHLjVJe8EDypbNFYSOZX6MxlEQl7cXm2U4mE0XNRA76K/
NOzi0p9q3uakJoasdl/1bZlLL8LlcBpHzKmpqG18UvKqhE361EcF7wmR1Bqk/
Hfu68IKLpETHtEY8qrypKywuKqxpe7Dyw9Etp/
Cl11xJezLLf7fgSt1FkcOB81XEbSUvq6ubKfX19p6c5JqU9xmkcMxvMPuvpsJ5k0jmy7TUzmnnQ85xRuVeNfMcYrTEjIEj0z33QxvOQw1SQVZJ3Pmgugz+bZGhxJfqsy0N+75tzyRGLvvxv6WK6s++1O8sb17/
r6u8RV//+IdYfbVUbr7ZKiImvX7gerX/
wGAQN2rEy4Wzmd7e11N8dBlEVKrbqROEjIelnBMWIIfQ6vzbgmvOHjfslFaT0+1/
rMyKfF7iS5FSJVki8u+aZLdB0902745KXrWo9IBrOr8J7zDUBf+KjV51/
9427hebuKvj9cN4Z9DIjXPTh29TzMIdbL4eHLn3uPPbNyEn9pJqJpY9OGEH7hQMGuB4FOgypzEpOeM4QGDWG3sFpqENJPUlFeLeq/
Crauq5jKVutb//M79eCchtYzIttnly7cuSt273FdS/dQ/
XYDHfpv1UPAg+1K+ksts1WafbH7M+Vy9rzKq2vxkT/cztXLDjCUz7okYBo/yeKdxkvOij57OSHrVY/
aS4Qo95a2160JFrFz2TMyxPUk8kbthqC7/YrnqR8lHc2mGoc4We07t/
Vf7AQAogvPu2tqJs2O5i5IubjVXFPxLZqpZztAmQZGn8myd+eeHKzKPJL5gjvFZ/
Gp7TIvG0VsNGy4B+4JeokuR2itEGEhVdzdar346xsbKsH8vmZK/4zdc4+isd/
LIOjV364YEs2Br5cKLOxx38g7FDVcIMgp/nLlYItBBn3bvoI/
3PVX787aWwzUWHpi+zHRG3iYn8z7cgsyrZ19PNCExSya7FfvP0iq/
ud876Imme8ysXow00XtGWt1YgxyJjzwxYpamrGxvtaYpQ+8+ynpgZVDg3t8N1xjRMuNW2scXEyIr6HK8sYvGpy4y+h4bJ4Y7ir91Un7DUWvsLybnX6dYNeziij9X6drkjradN9lkcC9WVd6fiXt2pxEdp436ZzbOGTNnvY+dqaZU6avHGVfPPTLft1f1sy/
+l4+KrzrvxqmUChl21ceCR7fOHY4686B26JoLF70qfQymtR7GIXtNCWULp3FSczYsv1vb023xMBaR0l0RYn9AxMo/
a4o5Non3oTMXSm91MqDdjfbyy+a/
4pMM+trHiqgpxn4AACqofRo1d8qP2d0mbxpXk5r4i7CR2WOkww8zQucvn+ZasW6y4sM43+DnWqt/
Wef54sGxFo3xxufG0B2K/e79s3mo1OBlYvYS3fhk12giDCQJFaMRCucO+x/bXFxFGEqDJ/
kkh60fp1Zy3M/OyVFPtVpa3cIt8Gd7n/
mp9dMw8I+3v73O1cq7mKYy0inmVIhlNybt26j0U31X+u5znRnEJiyNMfN8I0+uHbX++0Dv2ZFVpOugaRtO7/
MzU6B9bGPfSGguCttyYcm2+RbBwt9DarpQarDniaintt5jVHyJbN/
xThvjXPzmnhN0SW3skhrepJqGfdLvbE+xt87DYRM2u2kMsgy8gldEJZzc7xNZVM0r2W2A6dKQQ1uXmykWmRp4+4V5zAqsIJKKmsPGzV5mqMTI/
/zr/y9GxRvXnS22MwWPmIp9h5s57wlb4zxBg/dmMfz2pYGth8Fbj9Z9nPN46d/OVfVesViP/
w6HrmwteuViMcc2fMMRh9vr3KzWCl/xGN4rLkFro6YY+wEAKKAm//e/KwmpPBfgcO5T68iDr2/
Epoavcg3wXhBdK6tt6Z0csdlEQWpkbGpJi0ZmPO+QyRae2mH0nNN6BZG9RDZqCq4XEwRSL+utydZbWw5WZeKWC8+2fHq+cJ7gr7M1woO2lVts8/
Ul1a03JVtvatY2KOKGc0Tz1bpMaaggxOznmcn1FDw09TvzyK/
J3mqyGo01aGnMX0tjPrUsFi7Vb9al5FMXehd95y/
a+oG33APN1pVQNXcO4n2RVnpO8D7E+2reqNdWZdMvHlUDGePQl9xQEQuEWxA5DD5a91lnK7nirPzLZ8cmLCin5xz7l2uLV1x0TT3RcwEAipEde7CYe1Dkoh7O0Tedo5s18Q8QLRsd0rkO7a7wBY18+E9dAACAEhBIAABACQgkaF9bHycCAHxlCCQAAKAEBBIAAFACbmEOnV3H+/
7HjKisI83lq/
vSW5gDdCjUuqX014AZUVlHmsvXJcxpfGQHAACUgEACAABKQCABAAAlIJAAAIASEEgAAEAJCCQAAKAEBBIAAFACAgkAACgBgQQAAJSAQAIAAEpAIAEAACUgkAAAgBIQSAAAQAkIJAAAoAQEEgAAUAICCQAAKAF3jIXOruN9/
2NGVNaR5vLV4Y6x0Kl1vDt4YkZU1pHm8nXhjrEAAEAhCCQAAKAEBBIAAFACAgkAACgBgQQAAJSAQAIAAEpAIAEAACUgkAAAgBIQSAAAQAkIJAAAoAQEEgAAUAICCQAAKAGBBAAAlIBAAgAASkAgAQAAJSCQAACAEhBIAABACbiFOXR2He/
7HzOiso40l68OtzCHTq3j3VIaM6Iyys2FW559yGdZQEzqswoJFQMb7z1hHqZKDEJqC67u8VwXcuLPl5V0Bc1RNpsOhU1/
f9DTY9svN56XE3q3QZMct/y0abaWdGOlypwY/8CEKzfS/
npRTvTDnt1ariGIl9KMqFWuAYduvq6R62e1PDh803QNZsmdiJalbLRlCD6yAwDorNivjtqNXpyi/
N32I3v6l6eFeXlaTOX+k7pK6dKyEdZR1eaufvtGqLILctKzXz08YmvjdkZl7g+HQvVZBVfDfHbYmJdfzw4zlReW4pbfi4s8/
3Lw6Elmpcf/92kDxxabO5/
u67Lr2OSuD2LXbZgxofb6WcNt5q1KCddHIAEAdEo19yP9U0qGBd+KXdOfSci08VpF/
ScEbjw9UGF5VMmMI9mJ3/VuSIh3Jyb4lfdZefSgrzH/
ncxkc+XsPrOS4rN2mI5iCVagdZ97+f08Oo3zOsbk+P9qhL2qs39en1w+NvLXvY5qvLddEweVDjHa7b6uf0brUlWCDggkAIDOiFuafSWXaPlZqjMFz2kKhjYjpGKOr3BiF2p4+c/
kpRGXw6XR+ee8aAwJOmF1k2UIu9KkunaVIgwmvcn5MBq95cmx2rwLKY/
JCP+pvYXdWEPmz9HYsfNENiEDWpZCIAEAdGLsmlpCmNLMxiChM6UlSN2rAiI9We0Pj5GW4elvCaPnaMetkTunrVnU22rP2v3jf1o0TLbgarDX8XL99Y56Mu3Vr35x6wVRXTBAgV7fIKVmpE5I5ThT7rWWpchdf4JAAgDonGhyfXWVSdz1fz5wBqrwM6PmRVqG8GRO1Tn31UMcdpwI1Km5HeHpa29Wdup+5LXId2Odxmqu5K9AH+J++oqvnnR79UldaVEZkVOWYzRuUUqhmwyR1N921vZHy+alpqgikAAAOi3WcNel/
SK3uX8fqRlq27/iRvDS7Y8alhns+DV8hRYvICaa9Xs/
yGinu31B9enrqo4hYXOHsgpvRKwLmD5ZMS11o7HcF1/FXpDiYhGS26d5KeEiBBIAQOckY+B/
+sDLGS6uIxJdeU97T/NxH7T9pxzeQ01L81716SCjM8lEamfC6cvE/OCt/
YsF54PGW+hWDR7+g1eK2xW7HvS2ykvIq8iRrKJSdkMDt7rkXSWpe5ZVbH4wo3mpp4RwEEgAAJ2XjI59XLbt7icP8msUtfrLpS1Q3y6n1bXsCZfT5LeluJxq/
l9KhrpKDZ++Sfc10WawH2cX1pIeUm0Vl1I3UicJGQ9LOCYsQWpV5916Llii1qrUUzapRSABAHRuNEkl7aFKhFTl7NqUUm4YmGSXaLXq/
MUXgfoD+JfflWf++rtgveI//y5iG6oJgqTiwbUHbNJTS6m9CGGqWc7QJkGRp/Jsnfm/
JVuReSTxBenSnfHxZatSRJBGCCQAgM6J++HyGtdjcsb66vLVT1NjQ45k6Qemfz9R08jlxwneUxbWbZyvU30r0jc0X90xbG7698GuVouL1troyhRcj/
TflSc/bdWbWUzaB797/2weKsX5mHPx/N13de//
KCSkLv3k0W7KTMUhtltmhC5YPs21Yt1kxYdxvsHPtVZfjVf0MNnQotR0UnqSgUACAOisaMwuimU3Qn0j3tYQee3x9tHpW5fos2hkfEhqUhe3tVsXHi0jCjpTfE/
+HPBtr/eDuq9aG7p5cXwVIQr9xi8/sPsHy9sTVxM2R1CrLj/
RfV5Abn3luJV2cYRorb+XGZsavso1wHtBdK2stqV3csTmcRqM3y4zW5QKchjWhSCQAAA6LVnjDaezNrRul9aaveO32TuatamO9zmS7tN8Pb10rkP9Q8nB/
g+5/qI24hx90zn6c6WEZRBIAABACQgkAACgBAQSAABQAgIJAAAoAXeMhc6u433/
Y0ZU1pHm8tVJUOv2hQAA0FnhIzsAAKAEBBIAAFACAgkAACgBgQQAAJSAQAIAAEpAIAEAACUgkAAAgBIQSAAAQAkIJAAAoAQEEgAAUAICCQAAKAGBBAAAlIBAAgAASkAgAQAAJSCQAACAEhBIAABACQgkAACgBAQSAABQwv8B7i3T8jFm8TcAAAAASUVORK5CYII=]



3.2 Management structure and procedures
Describe the organisational structure and the decision-making (including a list
of milestones (table 3.2a));
The management structure of the platform will be distributed rather than
centralized, aligning with our mechanisms from open source development and
Github. Github is an excellent platform to collect ideas and share feedback,
allowing for open discussion and a well informed decision making process.
Additional sources of inspiration include contemporary project management
methods such as agile and scrum. We will have Pull Requests for bug and problem
fixes and new features, Forks and Clones of the platform and the course
curricula, and maintainers who are responsible for individual aspects of the
project. The platform will be used to facilitate its own management.

To get regular feedback, we will have an international advisory board with
members from different universities, as well as private partners and civic
organisations. The board will meet approximately once per year. We will also
have a student board with students from courses, locally, with the goal of
extending the board internationally. The student board will meet twice per
semester to evaluate the on and offline aspects of the platform.

Table 3.2a List of Milestones

Milestone                     Date
Meeting 1 student board       Month 2
Meeting 2 student board       Month 4
Meeting 3 student board       Month 6
Meeting 4 student board       Month 8
Meeting 5 student board       Month 10
Meeting 1 international board Month 12


Explain why the organisational structure and decision-making mechanisms are
appropriate to the complexity and scale of the project;

The meetings every two months with the student board are appropriate because
the platform will be constantly developing; discussing changes will be
essential to organizing plans and making decisions. The annual meetings with
the international advisory board is appropriate because the board must also
convene to make larger decisions.

Describe, where relevant, how effective innovation management will be addressed
in the management structure and work plan;

Effective innovation management is central to the way of working in the lab as
interface field of this project. Linking humanities students to the business
world will steer innovation towards products that are marketable, original, as
well as appropriate.

Innovation management is a process which requires an understanding of both
market and technical problems, with a goal of successfully implementing
appropriate creative ideas. A new or improved product, service or process is
its typical output. It also allows a consortium to respond to an external or
internal opportunity.

Describe any critical risks, relating to project implementation, that the
stated project’s objectives may not be achieved. Detail any risk mitigation
measures. Please provide a table with critical risks identified and mitigating
actions (table 3.2b).

3.3 Consortium as a whole

The consortium for the proposed project consists of the public institutions
University of Amsterdam (NL), Europeana (NL) and The National Museum of World
Cultures (NL) complemented by the private partners CastYourArt (AT), The Dark
Horse (D) and Weyeser (NL).

The constellation allows the consortium to look at and discuss the role of ICT
in education and teaching from various perspectives. Each partner adds another
expertise to the project that enables to develop the concrete online platform,
the offline lab and the test case of a concrete applicable tools. At the same
time is every partner is feeding into the dialog and debate with students,
researchers and scholars about that the possibilities and limitations of ICT
related knowledge production. This input is thus informed by their experience
from former projects but also derives from the concrete development of
solutions for ICT applications within the framework of the project.

The University of Amsterdam will bring in the insights gained during the three
above mentioned coding related seminars with students conducted in 2013/2014 to
conceptualize the needs of humanities students for the development of the
platform. Further information for the development of the different platform
components will be introduced by the design thinking company The Dark Horse
with its experience in the conceptions of online interface. Together with one
software developer members of the UvA are going develop the platform itself and
benefit form the knowledge about visualization strategies brought into the
project by the dutch company weyeser.

In a series of workshops The Dark Horse will apply their user focused
strategies to analyze the needs of students and researchers concerning an
offline lab that can stimulate and enhance the use of ICT based learning
processes and collaborations. The Dark Horse is experienced in the conception
and design of spaces that are situated between on- and offline word. They will
be committed to the actual design of a lab in Amsterdam of which serves as a
blueprint in terms of design and collaborative working practices for similar
labs.

The two interfaces described above form the working basis for the actual
development of coding projects that feed from the expertise, encountered
audience related challenges and data sets of the Europeana network. The
challenges pointed out by Europeana representatives in a series of workshops
will be discussed and approach by students and researchers of the UvA.
CastYourArt and weyeser will initiate discussions and projects with the
students that will produce software solutions that interface digitized cultural
heritage with an potential audience.

A series of events that follow up events initiated by the UvA in 2013/2014
(&quot;datadrive&quot;, &quot;codingsessions&quot;) will be organized together
with the private partners in form of workshops, hackathon and presentations and
ensure that the produced outcome of the student projects and the knowledge
generated by the partners involved is made known to a bigger audience. The
project the students projects will finally be presented in an exhibition in
Vienna. This exhibition will be organized, curated and documented by
CastYourArt.

The UvA trains the students, The Dark Horse develops models form the experience
of the students for the online and offline platform and the interrelation of
the two. Europeana provides challenges and data-sets for the students projects.
weyeser supports the students in their projects and co-develops the online
platform with the UvA. CastYourArt also supports the students in their
projects, organizes, curates and documents the exhibition.

The National Museum of World Cultures operates in the Netherlands and has both​
a physical and a digital collection. They have a strong focus on ethnography
and therefore on the colonial past of the Netherlands in particular, which
inherently deals with hiearchies and distribution of knowledge. Their projects
connect the digitized collections with on-site exhibitions and crowd-sourced
information retrieval. Therefore as opposed to Europeanan, where the focus lies
on providing accessibility to digital heritage, the newly formed museum will
function as testing grounds for the student project. It offers the researchers
and students in Amsterdam to interact with both their physical and digital
collection and therefore to set up projects which are locally and globally
situated in between rather than just deriving data sets.

All of the achieved insights are documented in form of presentations,
evaluations forms, reports, video and code on an open online repository
accessible through the online learning platform.

Table 3.1 a: Work package description

Description of work (where appropriate, broken down into tasks), lead partner
and role of participants

   1. Overall - Management and Documentation of the project
   2. The Platform as Interface
   3. The Lab as Interface
   4. Collections as Interface

Deliverables (brief description and month of delivery)

1. Overall - Management and Documentation of the project

Deliverables:
We built best practice cases and models of collaborations (types, scenarios),
the connecting interfaces, physical labs cross-media process documentation
libraries of software businessmodel consulting / training

Milestones:
1.1 - Identify the learnings of establishing Coding the Humanities Document
it's complexity by using adequate media and technology

2. The Platform as Interface

Deliverables:
2.1 Software
2.1.1 Platform
- Regular (half-year) updates based on course feedback
- Web interfaces for platform
- APIs (Application Programming Interface) for platform

2.1.2 Open Source Components for:
Monitoring: observe progress and problems of students Feedback: build in
feedback elements into tutorials and exercises Visualizing Learning
Trajectories: tool that guides users in chosing which specific programming
skills to learn to build the project/application they envision Managing
Workflow: tool that supports the user in breaking down their research project
into a sequence of steps Course building: tools to put together and modify
online courses on and off the platform 2.2 Education

2.2.1 10 Online courses, 2 per year
2.3 Events
2.3.1 Coding Sessions
2.3.2 Hacking the Humanities
2.3.3 Conference
2.4 Reports:
2.4.1 Yearly evaluation reports based on online courses
2.4.2 Yearly evaluation reports based on overall usage, projects and feedback
of the platform
2.4.4 Workshop reports based on Coding Sessions / Hacking the Humanities
2.4.4 Yearly portfolio of (exemplary) research projects

Milestones:
- platform release for regular courses Open Source Components platform public
release

- courses offered:
1 course (tutorials, exercises, projects) offered on the platform 5 courses
offered 10 courses offered Coding the Humanities offered as Coursera/Udacity/
Edx course Universities:

- 2 universities offer courses on the platform 5 universities offer courses on
the platform

   1. The Lab as Interfaces

Deliverables:
3.1 Concept for a Living Labs/eLab meeting the needs of Coding the Humanities

3.2 Prototype OverLab

3.3 Create the physical OverLab

3.4 Manage connection between the on-/offline learning platform

3.5 Conduct a Self-Reflective Toolbox for interdisciplinary researchers

3.6 Conduct a Self-Reflective Toolbox for public-private-partnerships

3.7 Iteration: Evaluate Results and Prototype/Test

3.8 Joint curation of the OverLab with public and private partner > pyramid


Milestones:
3.1.1 Definition of the characteristics of Single Users of the OverLab

3.2.1 Visualisation of the needfinding process

3.3.1 Conclude the first iteration round of Design Thinking

3.3.2 1st prototype OverLab

3.5.1 community building events geared towards coding and exposure (on- and
offline) of the OverLab

3.5.2 Concept for curating the OverLab

4. Collections as Interface

Deliverables:
4.1 Interfaces exhibition Vienna

4.2 Open Source Library for Visualizing Humanities Research

4.3 Repository with museum related projects open to use and develop further

Milestones:
4.1.1 kick-off workshop private and public partners (introduction the CtH
platform as foundation for the project)

4.1.2 presentation / workshop for students / researchers Europeana
representatives &quot;Engaging audiences - Interfaces and Visualizations in the
museum context&quot;

4.1.3 presentation / workshop for students weyeser &quot;Visualization as means
of inclusion&quot;

4.2.1 presentation / workshop CastYourArt &quot;Video and audio in the museum
context&quot;

4.2.2 formation of project groups mentored by private partners

4.2.3 first presentation of the projects / particpants feedback on
collaborative working on the platform / the lab

4.3.1 evaluation / report &quot;Online / offline Inclusion&quot;

4.3.2 final presentation of projects

4.3.3 evaluation / &quot;Including Interfaces&quot;

4.3.4 coming out: cultural hackathon event inviting the general public to work
with the student proposals and the museum datasets
































1Menzie D. Chinn and Robert W. Fairlie:The determinants of the global digital
 divide: a cross-country analysis of
 computer and internet penetration. Oxford University Press 2006
2cf. www.opencultuurdata.nl/
3www.europeana.eu
4Cf http://gdeltproject.org/; https://okfn.org/
5http://d3js.org/
6www.kickstarter.com
7www.mesch-project.eu
8http://www.v-must.net/
9www.railsgirls.com
10www.geekettes.io
11cf. “Woman in ICT”, http://ec.europa.eu/digital-agenda/en/women-ict [accessed
21.04.2014]
12www.github.com
13For information on the MIT license please find information on: http://
opensource.org/licenses/MIT.
14www.creativecommons.org
15www.dans.knaw.nl/en
16Gerber, Alexander (2011): Trendstudie Wissenschaftskommunikation – Vorhang
auf für Phase 5., Berlin: edition innovare / innokomm Forschungszentrum, p.24
